Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience, Csíkszentmihályi describes that people are happiest when they are in a state of flow—a state of attentiveness. It is a state in which people are so involved in an activity that nothing else seems to matter. The idea of flow is identical to the feeling of being in a state. The flow state is an optimal state of intrinsic motivation, where the person is fully concentrated in what they are doing. This is a feeling everyone has at times, characterized by high concentration, a sense of strength, and a feeling of self-esteem.  a feeling of great absorption, engagement, fulfillment, and skill—and during which physical concerns (time, food, ego-self, etc.) are typically ignored. Csíkszentmihályi described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement, and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost."Csikszentmihályi characterized nine component states of achieving flow including "Happiness Return, the analysis of alertness, order in consciousness, complexity and the growth of the self, pleasure and enjoyment.the conditions fo flow, the body in flow. the flow of thought, work as flow, solitude and cheating chaos. " To achieve a flow state, a balance must be struck between the challenge of the task and the skill of the performer. If the task is too easy or too difficult, flow cannot occur. This is similar to the theory of Vigostky. He mentioned the zone of proximal development. Scaffolding, which is making a bridge for a child to achieve a higher goal. Both skill level and challenge level must be matched and high.One state that Csikszentmihalyi researched was that of the autotelic personality. The autotelic personality is one in which a person performs acts because they are intrinsically rewarding, rather than to achieve external goals. Csikszentmihalyi describes the autotelic personality as a trait possessed by individuals who can learn to enjoy situations that most other people would find miserable. Research has shown that aspects associated with the autotelic personality include curiosity, persistence, and humility.
&lt;Personal Opinion&gt;What is the  Happiness Return ? The analysis of alertness: how can someone be alert?Restrictions of mindfuness: what are the restrictions?attention psychic energy to enter the self. Psychic Entropy is to disorder in consciousness. Here are my questions: How does Csik's theory differentiate with Vigosky's?How can we activate flow activities?Flow and culture, is it directly connected with creativity?What is the flow of thought?Professor. Choi once told me that being alone and communicating with others need a balance. There is a conflict between solitude and togetherness. What does it mean to cheat the chaos?