Before reading: From my middle school years, I’ve had a great interest in science,took academic courses in Chemistry, Biology, and Physics since middle school tohigh school. However, as I studied these pure science subjects, I felt likethat I’m more interested in monetary value and economics, thus I changed mymajor at the late moment to Business management. I do have basic knowledge ofphysics and are familiar with calculations, but I’ve never encountered theamazing background stories of great physicists and haven’t been this deep instudying theories. I’d like to show my appreciation to our professor Ahn forsuch an honorTotalk about the author, Werner Heisenberg was a German physicist who developed anddiscovered the uncertainty principle. He was and is still praised as one of thegreatest physicists that ever existed, and played a great role in the field ofQuantum Physics.Content&amp; Personal reviewThe title ‘The part and the whole’ is anironic title. I felt that I won’t understand the title before I read the bookand after reading it, I felt like it’s just the perfect title. The parts of thebook and my basic knowledge combined to a completely full picture of Heisenbergand his life, and what kind of person he was. The book contains lots of storiesof Heisenberg’s life, his development and love for physics which is dividedinto 20 chapters. From the first page till the end I felt that this book was a really hard book to read because it’s not a story that connects from thebeginning till the end like normal fiction stories, and it required me tosearch for lots of things on the internet for knowledge to understand. First, Heisenbergtalks about the findings of covalent bonds which he claimed that his school bookwas containing errors, then he talks about his father, his future with physics,his engagement with Wolfgang Pauli, which was very interesting as I learnedPauli gives great influence to Heisenberg in his career in physics, then he talksabout what ‘understanding’ is with his friends, the past, the conversation hehad with Einstein, and then about ‘Uncertainty’ and then the book goes deepwith the heavy stories of physics and his life.As I read the book, I felt the book had acommon point with our class ‘Quanta in everyday life’. When I picked the class,I felt that our class would be purely about physics, equations, and theories. Butactually, it’s more about the behind stories of great physicists and backgroundinformation. Just like that, the book had its main point away from Heisenberg’stheory or physics, but the point was headed to the philosophy of Heisenberg. He addsthe subject of religion, politics, science and its negativity. I also felt thisbook can be understood differently by each and every reader. Some might view itas a book to tell about Heisenberg and physics, but I felt that Heisenberg wasalways a learner, was very humble even though he was one of the greatestphysicists during the era and his side of humanity. From these 3 points, I wasable to analyze how Heisenberg and ‘Uncertainty went along and how he became agreat scientist. Moreover, I was able to recall what I learned in class for thepast 3 months. There were many things that made me look at Heisenberg as a rolemodel, but if I had to pick one, it would be his attitude of always having hismind and ears open to others. This is easy to say in words but hard in action.Being able to take others opinions, questioning yourself will change manythings in your life. The book was really difficult but interesting and Istrongly recommend this book, even without knowledge in physics as the internetwill help you along if you search.