Before reading: From my middle school years, I’ve had a great interest in science,
took academic courses in Chemistry, Biology, and Physics since middle school to
high school. However, as I studied these pure science subjects, I felt like
that I’m more interested in monetary value and economics, thus I changed my
major at the late moment to Business management. I do have basic knowledge of
physics and are familiar with calculations, but I’ve never encountered the
amazing background stories of great physicists and haven’t been this deep in
studying theories. I’d like to show my appreciation to our professor Ahn for
such an honor

To
talk about the author, Werner Heisenberg was a German physicist who developed and
discovered the uncertainty principle. He was and is still praised as one of the
greatest physicists that ever existed, and played a great role in the field of
Quantum Physics. 

Content
&amp; Personal review

The title ‘The part and the whole’ is an
ironic title. I felt that I won’t understand the title before I read the book
and after reading it, I felt like it’s just the perfect title. The parts of the
book and my basic knowledge combined to a completely full picture of Heisenberg
and his life, and what kind of person he was. The book contains lots of stories
of Heisenberg’s life, his development and love for physics which is divided
into 20 chapters. From the first page till the end I felt that this book was a really hard book to read because it’s not a story that connects from the
beginning till the end like normal fiction stories, and it required me to
search for lots of things on the internet for knowledge to understand. First, Heisenberg
talks about the findings of covalent bonds which he claimed that his school book
was containing errors, then he talks about his father, his future with physics,
his engagement with Wolfgang Pauli, which was very interesting as I learned
Pauli gives great influence to Heisenberg in his career in physics, then he talks
about what ‘understanding’ is with his friends, the past, the conversation he
had with Einstein, and then about ‘Uncertainty’ and then the book goes deep
with the heavy stories of physics and his life. 

As I read the book, I felt the book had a
common point with our class ‘Quanta in everyday life’. When I picked the class,
I felt that our class would be purely about physics, equations, and theories. But
actually, it’s more about the behind stories of great physicists and background
information. Just like that, the book had its main point away from Heisenberg’s
theory or physics, but the point was headed to the philosophy of Heisenberg. He adds
the subject of religion, politics, science and its negativity. I also felt this
book can be understood differently by each and every reader. Some might view it
as a book to tell about Heisenberg and physics, but I felt that Heisenberg was
always a learner, was very humble even though he was one of the greatest
physicists during the era and his side of humanity. From these 3 points, I was
able to analyze how Heisenberg and ‘Uncertainty went along and how he became a
great scientist. Moreover, I was able to recall what I learned in class for the
past 3 months. There were many things that made me look at Heisenberg as a role
model, but if I had to pick one, it would be his attitude of always having his
mind and ears open to others. This is easy to say in words but hard in action.
Being able to take others opinions, questioning yourself will change many
things in your life. The book was really difficult but interesting and I
strongly recommend this book, even without knowledge in physics as the internet
will help you along if you search.