Before starting my review on what I’ve
learned through reading this book and my overall evaluation of it, I would like
to say that this book was both “unexpectedly sophisticated” yet interesting.
Since this is my first time reading any book about the quantum mechanics it was
no wonder why I felt so confused. Although I fortunately did get to take
professor Ahn’s class on quantum physics, this book came to me as somewhat raw.
To specify what I mean by raw is how Heisenberg frankly documented the
dialogues between him and the other famously genius people. For someone like me
that is not much different from completely different language, to be honest.
But what’s interesting is throughout the whole book, even though I did have
difficult times interpreting where the conversation is heading, I could
understand what values Heisenberg and his fellow people were pursuing. Since
the time and space Heisenberg lived was going through a lot of change in both
social terms and scientific terms, what one values and stands for is critical.
Now I would like to elaborate on what I learned as one of many future
generations of the great quantum mechanist. 

Why do I have a positive view on Heisenberg?
The answer is simple—he stood on the side so called moral side, when he could
have simply helped his country shine. Throughout the book, he encountered many
incidents such as having a talk with a pro-Nazi student. The way he tried to
sidestep from the pro-Nazi student’s offer to act as a leader and a professor
was both considerate and stern. He made clear that his belief on ‘the need of
revolutionizing the corrupt society’ corresponds to Hitler, but others, such as
violence against other race, does not. But because of his indecisive looking,
but actually sensible style of speech hurt his repetition within the pro-Nazi
society. He was nicknamed, the white Jew. Heisenberg is a prodigy with
exceptional intelligence. If he had turned to Nazi and contributed to their
development in nuclear weapon, the world today might not be the world we know
now. He knew where to stand and he did what he had to do, even if that meant he
would receive harsh comments from others. This is the main reason on why I interpreted
Heisenberg as humane and moral.

Apart from where his values stand,
throughout the book, he seems like a person that has respectful knowledge not
only in physics but many other. He was a musician, a literature lover, and like
many other German physicists, a philosopher. Conversation on where he and
Einstein has conflict on ‘how to view physical theory’, both of them quote Immanuel
Kant. By this, I had to admit that there is no excuse in not being able to
understand certain field of studies because I am studying another. Before
reading this book I justified to myself that lack of understanding on this
quantum physics is natural for me since I major in psychology. But every fields
are correlated in a way, so that is no more than an excuse.

Last but not least, he was a
respectful person. Although Bohr’s theory was wrong and there were several
other physicists that had opposing ideas, he didn’t sarcastically mock them nor
accused them for having different thoughts. Instead, he just stated the facts—we
had opposing ideas, yet his ideas were elaborate and logical as well. By this I
could see what he was like as a person. He must have been a likable, supportive
and considerate company.

I have decided to write a book review
mainly on what impression Heisenberg gave me because as much as his
contribution to the quantum world, what he was like as a human being is important
as well. This is more so because the world he lived in was in need of ethical
use in technology since ideological/physical wars were present. Overall, this
book contains priceless knowledge and the origins of how quantum physics has
grown to this extent. It also depicts what it was like to live as a physicist,
back then in the early 20th century. I would conclude this by
stating this: “Morality is of the highest importance—but for us, not for God”, Is
a quote made by Einstein. As we are human being morality stands as an important
matter and Heisenberg seem to have adhere to his belief, sternly, which more
than extraordinary.