This book is
more philosophical than I expected. I used to have an idea that books written
by scientists are specialized and detailed, which makes readers get confused
and bored until they stop reading. I mean, of course, I could not understand
some detailed concepts discussed in this book as well. However, as long as I
understood its general concepts and Heisenberg's development of thoughts, I could
not stop reading this book. Philosophical aspects of this book make it more
interesting and different from any other science books. This book is more of a
biography of Heisenberg. Moreover, after I finished this book I had this
feeling that Heisenberg is a scientist but at the same time a great philosopher.
Through a lot of conversations with different scientists he continued
developing his imagination and letting his wrong thoughts be corrected. It
seemed like he was seeking for more than just scientific knowledge and truths. I
thought scientists are so stubborn that they do not debate with others and just
focus on their own formulas and experiments for the result. I also used to
think that they only focus on their study, the "part" but not on a
cause, the "whole". But Heisenberg was different, maybe all other
scientists are. The fact is after reading this book I was very impressed by how
much and deeply Heisenberg had debates with other scientists and even with his
opponents, and how far and deep he developed his ideas in order to see not only
the "part", but also the "whole", so that he became bigger
than just a physicist. 

This book
consists of 20 conversations Heisenberg had with other scholars. They are not
just about physics but also about philosophy, religion, politics, sociology,
and so on. Heisenberg asserted that understanding these areas of study are
significant for science to be concretely established. He started his first
conversation about atomic world during his road trip in the Lake Starnberg with
a few friends. This conversation motivated Heisenberg to start having great
thoughts on quantum physics. Since then he continued his study by having
conversations with Sommerfeld, Pauli, Bohr, Einstein, and more. He did not
avoid debates with his strongest opponent Einstein. From this attitude I realized
being the best at something requires continuous acknowledging different
thoughts and admitting one's mistakes and limits. When I had debates with
friends, a lot of times I tried hard to convince them to think like me. I guess
I thought admitting is losing and I always did not want to lose. If I felt like
losing, I tried to stop the conversation. This book gave me a lesson.
Heisenberg in this book throws a task on what knowledge is. He devoted his life
on finding out what knowledge is, not on wining against other scientists with
his own knowledge. I think this made him one of the greatest physicists. Due to
this cause he had in studying physics, he is remembered as not just a great
physicist but as a great person.

I think
Heisenberg is giving a lesson also to the modern society, not just me. Due to
the development of modern scientific technology and all other studies, we focus
more one specifics and expertise. It seems like we focus too much on the
"part” and stop looking at the "whole". Perhaps Heisenberg tried
to warn scholars and even us through this book. He is capable of concentrating
on details when he does mathematical problems in physics. At the same time, he
showed us he put lots of efforts in examining overall relations of the resulted
formulas or experiments within a given social condition, which are revealed in
the conversations in this book. Thinking of the "part" only,
Heisenberg would have emigrated to the US for his study and future. Since he
could look at the "whole", he decided to stay in Germany to prevent
the advancement of atomic bomb. I think the biggest lesson that Heisenberg is
trying to give us through this book is this: looking at the "whole"
is as important as focusing on the "part". It's surprising that a
book from a hundred years ago can still give a lesson. I think it works even
more these days. Sure, it's important to see the "part" for one's
expertise. But look at religious groups committing terrorist attacks,
politicians slandering other parties for votes, or university students studying
day and night for GPA, all of them focusing only on the "part". What
we need right now is Heisenberg's way of looking at the "part" and
the "whole" with balance.