&lt;Starship Troopers&gt; is a science
fiction book which was written by Robert A. Heinlein after the World War @. The
novel depicts a story about a boy joining the military and the assessment of
his work in the troop. 

           Johnny
Rico. Is a rich guy. He joins the military in spite of his parent’s opposes.
His friend Carl joins the Research Department. The Federal department placed
him to the Mobile Infantry. There, Johnny got to understand what a soldier should
have. After participating for some exercises, he feels exhausted and ponders on
quitting. However, a letter from his mother and his professor in Moral&amp;
Philosophy encourages him to continue. In the mobile Infantry, the soldiers get
to know about the bugs and their abilities. They try to eliminate as much bugs
as possible. There are also an alien called Skinnies. During his service,
Johnnie was punished for administrative problems. His perspectives changed
gradually. When his hometown was destroyed, his mother was on a vacation. This
fact triggered his father, and he participated in the military to become a “real”
man. 

           Eventually,
Johnny experiences his view of the military changing. He was pessimistic about
the work at first, but gradually he became a strong and vibrant sergeant at
last.

           While
reading the book, the right to vote triggered me. In the book, civilians and
citizens are different. People can vote only of they are in the military or
have served before. I think that is unfair because even citizens are a part of
the country. My personal opinion is that Heinlein is aggressively pinpointing
people the importance of voluntary volunteering of the military. Hence,
citizens who have not participated in the army should have the right to vote
too.

 

The Unfairness of Sergeants

           To
be honest, in my high school, teachers were kind of like the sergeants,
commanding students to have higher grades that they could have a higher pay.
Some of them even implemented insults on students who didn’t perform well. The sergeants
treated the soldiers violently, this was unfair and made me angry. 

 

Johnny’s Change of Priority 

           Before
Johnny joined the army, he was doubtful whether it was a good choice. He even
thought of quitting. However, as he received further practice and
indoctrination, he felt that the soldiers were part of his family. He put more
importance to his mates than other events. I consider this is because they have
overcome the hardships together. There are difficulties in our lives, but those
who are around us will make it easier to go through them.