This is the day that I did so many things
for the first time. I have never been writing English recommended book review, nor
reading book which over 700pages in English. I read quite amount of English text
in my life, but when it comes to ‘Book’, it was the first since the mini
version of ‘Star Trek’ in my middle school times.Even aside from linguistic difficulties,
the book which has been assigned as assignment with more than 700pages. It was really
hard to open the first page of it. But while I read the first part that
describe about the times when USSR collapse, I found out the book is easy to
read. This book describes stories about energy resources and future (although
the book was written before nearly 10 years) by unit and by subtitle. So, it
makes easy to read book with an excerpt.It might be similar in every 20’s of these days,
since I born, the Russia is always been Russia and ‘USSR’ was a word only can be
found in some media like movie, especially some background stories for villains.
Even the ‘Russia’ is one of the so called ‘Powers’ surround Korea, I did not have
as much interest in it as china japan or USA. So, I was wondered why there is
story about Russia in the very first part of this book. I am embarrassed that I
cannot hide my ignorance, but only after I searched Russia via Internet I could
know the oil and natural gas was responsible for virtually large part of Russia
economy. I got shocked Russia was not ‘we make little bit of oil’ level but the
one of the world’s top oil producing countries.In the text, Putin said that Russia's oil
and gas resources are a strong force that allows Russia to enter the world
economy. When I read it, I could understand the oil is great weapon of Russia,
and the power of it in these day’s energy paradigm.I can recall the time that the beginning of
this year, when COVID-19 began to take off, many factories around the world
were shut down in the aftermath of the disease, and as a result, the demand for
crude oil was temporarily lowered, resulting in a drop in crude oil prices, and
shocking news articles such as temporary negative oil prices posted. I remember
that one of the factors that accelerated the negative oil price crisis along
with COVID-19 at that time was “Russia's non fulfilment to the production
cutoff agreement”. Of course, Saudi Arabia’s joining of competing in price
could have been a bit more direct cause, but while reading news articles and
analysis at the time, 'Russia is a single country, yet it can be a factor that
moves the oil price market with the same power as those in the Middle East? 'I
was shocked.As I said earlier, it was primarily because
I was not interested in Russia and lacked common sense. But the things that the
question or impression I felt after seeing what was happening in the world
around me was revived and resolved by doing something I never thought of after
time passed are fun thing to feel like a puzzle fits in my head.











Many of the current generations must have
been educated about energy with keywords such as "depletion of energy
resources" or "energy war." I don't know what other friends
would be like, but when I was young, I didn't feel it much and didn't pay
attention to it even though it flowed out of the news. But during this
assignment, I felt fresh since there were a lot of "puzzle-matching"
that connect the news I heard around me and the thoughts I had while looking at
them together.