The role of
energy is really big. Because it lights up our room, is the driving force of
our transportation, and turns the factory of all around the world. But this is
not all. Energy changes people's views, creates policies, and even seriously
leads to war. In other words, the power of energy has grown big enough to have
a global impact, thereby increasing the world's obsession with energy. After
reading Daniel Yergin's book Energy 2030, I was able to gain a wealth of
knowledge about the energy field, including the historical battle between
energy sources, the reason why typical energy became the main source of energy
(e.g., the victory in oil use in the automotive industry), the direction of
alternative energy sources, the problems generated by energy development, and
the development of energy based on various problems. Therefore, I would like to
write a book report on the implications of energy from books and the global
impact of energy. 

 

1. Can we
promote the safety of the new energy source that determines the future of the
world?

Chapter 2 of
the book talks about the future supply of energy. Oil will run out in almost
forty years. As an alternative, natural gas, shale gas and LNG gas, which are
liquefied natural gas, emerge. Also, another example is an electric car with a
blue license plate that we often see these days. Hydrogen cars using hydrogen
as an alternative source that is learnt in class have also emerged to me as an
alternative energy source. According to the lecture, fuel cell is a galvanic
cell that produces electricity by converting the chemical energy of a fuel
directly into electricity without burning the fuel. It works by using hydrogen
to generate water and electricity. However, hydrogen is a highly flammable
high-pressure gas, so we have to be very careful about. Some also regard the
hydrogen charging station itself as a dangerous facility due to anxiety over
the explosion of the Gangneung hydrogen storage tank in Korea in 2019.
Therefore, we must move 100 percent to alternative energy sources but seek
safety before the mainstream energy resources are completely depleted.

2. An energy gap, such as the gap
between rich and poor

Chapter 3 of the
book tells
of a world that has changed 180 degrees since the discovery of Thomas Edison's
light bulb production method. However, it is important that there are many
areas where electricity is not available even after 140 years since the
invention of the light bulb. In developing countries, the lack of electricity
threatens the lives of many people. After I found out about this, I reflected
on my life. Living in an advanced country, I don't mind wasting electricity continuing
not to turn off the lights when I go out. However, on the other side of the
globe, there are people who are in danger because of no electricity. While I
was thinking about the cause and solution of this problem, I remembered a TED
lecture I had taken before. After watching
&lt;Global ethic vs. national interest&gt;, I really liked the
way the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom thought. According to him, interests of
his country and the global interests of preventing poverty caused by energy
gap, are consistent from a long-term perspective. So, he thinks the short-term
cost of providing the third world people with fundamental rights such as rights
to be safe, is well worth it, allowing people to feel comfortable with each
other and communicate with each other so that countries can form stronger unity
in the end. Therefore, it is necessary to feel the need to supply basic energy,
such as electricity, to the third world, as it is important for the country to
achieve global unity from a long-term perspective.

 

3. The
threat of global warming

Chapter 3 of
the book
tells us that the existence of greenhouse gases was revealed by people who
wanted to study climate, but no discussion has been made since then on the
problems of greenhouse gases. However, as time went by, the Earth's temperature
rose and interest in the greenhouse effect increased, and eventually
cooperation between countries is now expanding. The problem is that no real
solution has been secured yet. The current trend
of globalization is clearly pursuing 'own country's interests' and 'global morality.'
Both must be pursued, but they are bound to collide. Hence, we have to balance
our own interests with global morality. However, for example, the U.S. declared
they would leave the Paris climate agreement, which means that they will only
value their own interests, excluding the morality of global environmental
pollution. However, we should not have the same idea as the U.S. because, by
having a longer perspective, investing for welfare, the environment, and
preventing famine are helpful to our country, to our planet in the future. In
other words, we should have mind that what you have done will come back. In
addition, there are some ways we can use the current of the present
globalization to establish a more humane, more egalitarian, and more secure,
yet prosperous world