Book Report

Younghak Park (박영학)
2016314858

The Quest:
Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World written by Daniel Yergin, a renown Pulitzer prize winner,
highlights the role of how energy sources manipulated and influenced the interactions
between generations, national borders, societies, and individual lives
throughout history and time. Known for his previous work, The Prize: The
Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power, Yergin has established a lavish reputation
as a leading expert in the field of energy and as a compelling storyteller. In
this book, Yergin shares his erudite insights on how energy sources have become
the powerhouse behind the changes and the conflicts of the modern global politics
and economy. He sorts fascinating stories that have taken place behind closed
doors, discusses riveting and rigorous challenges poised by the prominent
sources of energy: coal, electricity, and natural gas. Additionally, Yergin
introduces how humanity’s exploitation of fossil fuel have impacted climate
change, thereby, explaining the need to replace fossil fuels with renewable
resources and refining policies and technologies to enhance energy efficiency. Furthermore,
he expands his topic to the future of energy sources and how it will redefine
our world. Nonetheless, The Quest depicts how, what, and who will ultimately
reshape the fate of our future. Through this remarkable book I came to realize
the importance of the position that energy plays in our society; energy is what
shifts and shapes our modern societies, and it will continue to reign as the hegemony
of human decisions in whatever form it pleases. Therefore, as stewards of the
earth, humans must scrutinize and ameliorate the effects of energy usage and efficiency
to prolong life and existence in this planet.

The Quest journeys through 6 different stories to take us on an exploration
of the energy industry. The first part of the book, “The New World of Oil”, revolves
around a center theme: rising demand of energy in the developing world. Yergin
explains that shortly after major historical events such as the Gulf War, the dissolution
of the USSR, and the emergence of China’s influence, the geopolitical structure
of world started to change, new nations such as the ‘Stans’ emerged into the
scene, and the increasing demand for energy has change the energy system. In my
limited understanding, I deem that Yergin points out that the challenge of
demand for energy is not a challenge that we face as individual states or regions,
but rather as a whole and a race. In the second section, “Securing the Supply”,
Yergin explains how scarcity of energy sources affected geopolitics, world
economy, and domestic and international political policies. In this segment, Yergin
explicitly shows how far humanity is divided into different nations to tackle
and seize the energy sources from each other. If the second part of the book placed
nations and global players as its main actors, the third part of the book, “The
Electric Age”, places household and individuals to the vantage point. We live
in a world where electricity a necessity, and the dominance of electricity is
continually growing. However, majority of electricity production still relies
heavily on coals and fossil fuels. Thus, Yergin poise a crucial challenge of the
energy industry: new fuel choice. The part four of this book, “Climate and
Carbon”, shifts the topic to climate change and the impact caused by the current
energy source. This section of the book serves to persuade the reason as well
as the mission to cure climate change to the audience. In the light of new resolutions,
Yergin emphasizes that government policy on energy could possibly be the answer
for today; carbon taxes and funding alternative energy source research and
development are two of his suggestions. Part five, “New Energies”, examines potential
renewable energy resources and their technology such as wind, solar, biofuel,
and nuclear power. However, Yergin concludes that none of these alternatives can
serve to replace fossil fuels at this point of time. Lastly, part six, “The
Road to the Future”, highlights new technological innovations considering
energy like the electric car, hydrogen fuel cells, compressed natural gas
vehicles, and biofuel technology. Yergin closes by asserting that the current energy
industry must look to enhance the efficiency of energy production.

Energy is arguably
the most prominent reason behind the recent prolific advancement in human
history. To be exact, it is the technology that enable humans to utilize energy
source into our advantage that gave us the competence to reshape our lives for
good. However, being born and raised in the time where electricity, computers, cars,
and batteries are natural, I have grown a manner of disregarding the importance
of energy and its production in my life. The Quest has truly led me on an
exploration of energy industry to understand the primal role that energy plays
in our society and the challenges it conveys. Now it is evident that political
powers will start conflicts and install new policies to secure energy sources, because
energy is what fuels the economy, thus, the future. After reading this, I came
to recognize that the world has to face the challenge of energy source and production
together, rather than quarreling each other to secure scarce sources. Additionally,
Yergin’s book has unlocked a vision for me to look at the problem of the energy
industry from a different perspective. With climate change becoming an imminent
threat to our earth, I have only assumed that alternative energy sources to replace
fossil fuels were the only solutions. Through his works, I have comprehended that
we are faced with the truth that our search for new sources and its technology is
at its infancy, and fossil fuel usage is still an unconditional option. However,
Yergin had successfully draw my attention to look towards aspects of the
polices and the efficiency considering energy. I believe that the true quest
that Yergin wants to imply to the inhabitants of the 21st century,
at this stage, is not the challenge to search for a possible replacement of the
fossil, but is the search for the ways to implement healthy and efficient
procedures of using fossil fuels while continuing research on renewable
resources.