Before reading;  In my previous experience, whenever I conduct a case study, I could easily find their goals for sustainable environment. And also more and more consumers have willing to purchase products with green marks. But I couldn't grasp why it is so important. It's rather abstract for me. So I read this book to learn about how the main energy resources affect the world and humanity.  One clear message of the writer is the importance of energy. And he suggested 3 main questions.1. Is there sufficient energy to cover increasing demand?2. Is there any solution to secure energy system's safety? 3. How environmental problems affect energy's future? And his book covers the history of Petroleum, Liquefied Natural Gas(LNG), electricity and alternative energy which makes readers think of the solutions by themselves. So, I decided to make solutions by myself following his book. While reading;1. Is there sufficient energy to cover increasing demand?  Emerging energy crisis is limited resources that are mainly used in our everyday life. Non-renewable energy such as Petroleum, LNG and fossil fuels will eventually run out in near future. And our demand for these resources are increasing. Then how we cover the increasing demand? I have 2 solutions.  First, find alternatives. Although renewable energy such as solar energy and wind energy still need more improvement, renewable energy became a huge industry and it now contributes to energy balance. And also, biomass fuel is newly emerging and electricity automobile can be a significant solution for decreasing need for Petroleum.  Second, decrease the demand. Currently, the mostly used top 3 energy sources are petroleum, coals. and LNG. I could find that these sources are all Non-renewable. But we have the most practical energy, the human. If human conserve energy, humanity and the environment are sustainable. 2. Is there any solution to secure energy system's safety?  I could see in history, there is so complex and subtle hegemonic struggle between governments. For example, 'Great Game' occurred to get global economic priority. Then think about the petroleum, also known as black gold. The oil price can rise and fall by OPEC whenever they decided to do so. And as the COVID-19 occurred, the oil price went through the floor. Like this, we can't easily predict and secure energy system's safety.  So I searched for some solutions. The following policy could make contribution to energy security.① Initiate joint ventures with oil producers.② Make organizations related to stake sign the agreement for energy safety.③ Reduce oil dependencies and find alternatives. Find other ways for transportation, not fossil fuel.  Beside, it might seem nonsense, making mankind enter other planets like Mars. As Space X project is already trying to achieve, with reusable spaceship, people can migrate to other planet. If it really happens, dependency for current existing non renewable resources will consequently be reduced. But I see this will be a reality before the fossil fuels totally run out. 3. How environmental problems affect energy's future?  According to chapter 4, climate change is at global discussion table for the future of energy. Some specialists sensed danger of increasing the Earth's temperature since 1950s and global warming settled down as a very sensitive factor for political leaders and CEOs to consider. Think about global agreement like Kyoto Protocol, Paris Agreement and Rio Declaration etc. Each of it established goals to stabilize and reduce harmful effects on Earth. Why do they try to do their best to save our environment?  I've seen a picture of climate march occurred in U.K. few years ago. People was walking with panels that indicates how our planet is suffering from fossil fuels, climate change and global warming. These environmental problems not just take polar bears' habitat away, but they takes ours too. We can't no more see, taste and smell various creatures. And even worse, we are not able to breathe, use or purchase what we are spontaneously using now. We have to give up considerable part of our lives.  Humanity kept developing new technology, and we try to find alternative energies which don't emit bad gases. We kept changing main resources and the lead time could be long. Currently our main source is petroleum and we can change this with changing our consumption pattern. For example, we can purchase electric or solar automobiles instead of existing ones running by fossil fuels. After reading;  Few days ago, I have watched a short film that Elon Musk talks about energy. He is an entrepreneur who did spectacular projects such as - Tesla, paypal, solarcity and spaceX etc. He thought about, "what are the problems that are most likely to affect the future of the world or the future of humanity?" And he think it's extremely important that we have sustainable energy production. So, he is doing his best to find some sustainable means of operating.  So, I thought only scientists, CEOs and politicians can save our planet from environmental energy problem.Now, I got to know the importance of energy and its impact on humanity, I think It's time for humanity to think in broader way, not focusing on person's, corporation's and government's stage, but focusing on for every living creature. Since more and more human concern about energy and sustainability, CEOs and scientists develop what we would purchase, and Politicians participate agreement for our desirable eco-friendly environment. So I decided to be a part of the human for energy safety. 2019312053Lee Hoo Yeon