Book Review – “The Quest” by Daniel Yergin

2020312658

Kwon, Sang-a 

 

Recently, I saw a picture in a news article,
which greatly surprised me. The photo I saw was a comparison of nitrogen
dioxide before COVID-19 (early January to the end of January 2020) and after
COVID-19 (mid-February to the end of February 2020).  Before COVID-19, nitrogen dioxide was marked
in dark yellow in much of China and around Seoul.  However, after COVID-19, the amount of
nitrogen dioxide had decreased dramatically to the point where it was almost
impossible to find yellow. It means that air quality around China and Korea is
cleaner than ever. That was because COVID-19 has reduced human activities,
including the imposition of the blockade in many countries around the world and
social distancing. In other words, even though humans were frustrated by
restrictions on outside life, the Earth began to breathe – and it was "Paradox
of COVID-19."

After seeing this picture, I looked up a lot of
news related to "Paradox of COVID-19," and saw the news that rare
animals that were hard to be seen before COVID-19 were observed, and I felt
that human life and the energy used by humans gave a really big influence to
the global environment. Therefore, I was particularly impressed with the book's
one part - the relationship between carbon dioxide and climate change. In
particular, it was interesting that Arenius considered global warming
positively. Because it was interesting that global warming, which has emerged
as a must-solve problem in the modern global society, was interpreted as a positive
phenomenon in the past because it would prevent the ice age of the Earth. It
was also interesting to see how Keeling proved the 'Callendar effect,' which
claimed that the higher the Earth's carbon dioxide, the higher the Earth's
temperature. Also, the ‘Keeling curve’ in the book, even if there were little
voices of alarm about global warming at the time, came as if something really
serious had happened.  

Furthermore, in fact, before I read this book, I
never thought about why the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris Agreement were aimed
at reducing carbon dioxide emissions, not saving water or kind of other things
that can help Earth. However, I think I got to know why they persist and claim
that we should reduce carbon dioxide, and also, I got to be better at understanding
the stances of countries related to global warming, for an instance, India. Besides, even though many countries' efforts to prevent global warming have
also come to light, but I could also feel that some kind of unseen fight of the power between countries regarding reducing carbon dioxide emissions.



Actually, the contents of the book were so vast
that I wondered what to focus on in this book review, but these days, the content
related to the "Paradox of COVID-19" is so interesting that I wrote
about carbon and climate. In fact, to tell you about the literally “Book-review-experience”,
it was very hard to read the book completely. Although I spent eight days
reading this book, there were some parts that I didn't fully understand. However,
as I read the book, I felt like I am being a smart university student and proud
to learn about many important facts and knowledge like the history of energy
that we use-oil problem, natural gases, also, electricity, global warming, and
the knowledge of renewable energy like PV, which has become a major issue nowadays.
I felt that I still lacked my knowledge to fully understand the facts related
to energy. So far, scientists who have studied what energy is, and how it is
preserved and converted, whether visible or invisible are all awesome.

I think energy is essential to human life, and
it is very important to make human life move. The book predicts that while
fossil fuels such as oil will be used as the main source of energy by the next
20 years, battery-powered cars will prevail over oil if they solve problems
such as cost and complexity. In conclusion, I felt that it was very important
to think about how to use energy more efficiently while reducing environmental
pollution while reading this book.