Energy is the fundamental source that moves the world. We use energy when we drive a car, talk with friends, exercise and etc. Even the world we live in was created by an energy explosion called the Big-Bang Theory. We can say that human life grew up with the development of energy system. The first important energy that changed the history was the discovery of fire. It made human to protect themselves and dominate other creatures. Another representative change of society due to energy is the industrial revolution. The development of steam engine and coal usage changed the system of the society, which greatly enhanced the productivity. Likewise, energy is a irreplaceable factor in human life.The author Daniel Yergin also knew that energy will be the most prominent and competitive factor in the future civilization as well. In this book, he introduces various kinds of energy and main incidents that affected the world. By mentioning them, Yergin emphasizes the importance of energy and suggests how will it change.     The first chapter starts with petroleum. Petroleum is the most popular energy resource that we've been using. So far, it is the most efficient and easiest energy to use. Therefore, many countries are trying to retain petroleum and lots of conflicts are happening around the world. The most abundant source of petroleum would be the Middle East and Caspian Sea. Especially around Caspian Sea, there are so many countries and they are arguing their right over the region of Caspian Sea. This is also related with the situation that Putin, the current president of Russia, brought army to the Crimean Peninsula. The United States is also having a conflict with petroleum. The representative conflict shown is Iraq war. Through these conflicts, the author shows that energy is not only the problem of energy itself. It is more related with politics, economy and society. Yergin says petroleum will not deplete in a few years. However, in my opinion, already 9 years have passed since Yergin wrote this book. We have to prepare for the lack of petroleum.     Electricity is one of the main energy sources that we cannot miss. Thanks to the competition between Edison and Westinghouse and Insull's effort, we could now enjoy the affluence of electricity. However, the massive use of electricity requires huge amount of supply. There are several ways to produce electricity but the most efficient way is through nuclear energy. The energy from nuclear division is so powerful but it is also risky. The accidents of Three Mile Island, Chernobyl' and Fukushima warn us the danger of using nuclear energy. Natural gas is also one way to produce electricity, but it is unrealistic unless carbon capture and saving technology advance.     Yergin claims that we should also care about the environment. The research and concern for environment has increased in several years. People are pursuing non-carbonate energy which produces less toxic materials. There were also agendas and efforts like Kyoto protocol, Copenhagen agenda and Cancun pledge. Besides these agendas, developing and advancing new energy is another way to save environment. There are wind power, solar energy, bio energy, water energy, etc. These new energy needs active investment of society to advance. Meanwhile, the author also highlights the importance of energy efficiency. Efficient use of energy will not only protect environment but also bring definite development in the new investment that we will make in new types of energy.     Reading this book, I realized that energy contains complicated relationships among politics, economy, history and environment. Until now, the initiative power of energy was granted only to several countries. Those are countries that have large territory or located at specific regions that have a lot of resources. However, the future of energy is not for a few countries. Important thing here is technology rather than the size or location. Daniel Yergin published this book in 2011. What has changed during last 9 years? The appearance of AI, the spread of electric vehicle use, the first civilian spaceship was sent to the orbit, etc. The world is evolving fast, and we have to keep our pace to be competitive in the future energy war. In addition, the future energy war should be against the threat that will come to the earth, not among the countries in this small world.