I started to drive car this year with my mom’s
white old car. Before driving, I had no idea of what energy is, why the price
of petroleum changes everyday, why political happenings effect the energy price,
etc. However, as the oil price directly affects my account balance, I started
to check oil price everyday like checking stocks even though I did not know what
exactly petroleum is. At an appropriate moment I could read this book, and this
book gave me the new perspective of looking energy besides just fuel needed to drive my car.

This book starts with telling stories about
petroleum. Many political happenings control the price of petroleum or vice
versa. Petroleum is one of the most important factors that sustain one country’s
economy so there was intense international competition over major countries to get
control power over petroleum after Gulf war. Also, major countries competed because
of oil pipeline and further explains geopolitical factors that caused
competitions among countries. First part of this book ends with explaining China
which getting control over petroleum dramatically and this resulted in rising uncertainty
in oil market. In second part of the book, author explains about energy
security and the efforts of countries who tried to secure energy security. Also,
Shale gas which brought revolution to energy market became important energy
source which can be maintained at least a hundred years. In chapter 3, book talks
about electricity which changed the world dramatically and brought innovation
to many industry fields after Edison invented electricity in 1882. The author says
that to maintain electrical power, we would have a hard time to choose what
kinds of energy to make electricity in future. In chapter 4, the book talks
about process how climate change became major international problem these days.
In late 1950, some experts started to recognize global warming problem, and
this became international agenda like Rio declaration and Kyoto protocol. After
that global warming plays an important role of political leaders and CEO’s
decision making. In chapter 5, the book talks about the progress of renewable
energy like Solar energy, wind power and bio energy. Developing renewable
energy was entirely driven by political power and new technologies has been
developed for developing energy. In the final chapter, it starts with explaining
ethanol energy. Ethanol has been used for making energy before 1970 but there
are problems with this energy either. Also, vehicle industry has been changed
with the progress of energy. After oil price has increased, Toyota Prius gained
its power in US and Electric motor vehicle is trying to get over existing cars
in these days. 

While reading this book, the most interesting
part of the book was political happenings surrounding petroleum market. Due to the
imposed embargo on oil importing in Arabic countries and political threat in Iran,
the oil price has increased dramatically. After oil price has increased, the Soviet Union
had gained profit and could confront US. Also, after 911 terror, US tried to be
dependent on oil from other countries because it directly is linked with
national security. Before reading this part, I did not know why the oil price
changes everyday. However I  realized that major political decisions affect every little part of demand
and supply of oil so analyzing oil price is very complicated and has greatest power over countries which can cause division and cooperation.It was not easy to read this book which is over 800 pages. However, while reading this book , I recognized that there were many incidents linked with energy problem how they progressed to reach this high level of technology. This book gave me the new insight of understanding energy and how energy that we use will change in the future. I strongly recommend this book to gain knowledge and insight of energy that would lead our life better or worse in the future and imagine what aspects of our life would be different in the future.        by 글로벌경제학과 15학번 김채은