As I read through the book ‘the quest’ by
Daniel Yergin, I soon realized that this is more than just a history of energy
and energy security. It includes very recent developments, including the crisis
at the Japanese nuclear power plant in Fukushima, the Arab Spring, and even the
death of Osama bin Laden. However, although it has been a discussion of the
past decade mainly focused on future developments, there is still a strong
historical dimension to this book. For example, Yergin refers to a new 'Great
Game'. He explores the evolution of climate change science and the history of
electricity in detail. In discussing the latter, he considers the struggle
between Edison and Westinghouse and how Samuel Insull has revolutionized the
distribution of electricity to make it much easier to use. He also provides
details of the history of climate change, tracking the origins of Al Gore's
commitment to the subject, starting with John Tindall's study of glaciers in
1856. Certain key topics that students are familiar with not only the history
of oil and energy, but also the history of the global economy. The surprisingly
recent enormous impact on the production of conversion from energy produced by
humans and animals to energy using fossil fuels; the impact of globalization;
the outcome of inter-Korean dialogue and contradictory goals of developed and
developing countries are both central to this task. Yet Yergin clearly believes
in the importance of individuals beyond a wide range of historical trends.
Throughout the book, he offers brief thumbnail sketches of specific individuals
and companies. Sometimes I felt that emphasis on individuals and anecdotes took
precedence over identification and exploration of historical trends, but
without doubt it would make books more accessible to more readers.

In terms of the future of energy, Yergin
emphasizes the importance of renewable energy sources but makes it clear that he
is skeptical about the 'peak oil' concept. He stresses that this is far from
the first time there have been a fear of shortage in oil. This is certainly
true, and it is true that a new source of oil was previously found in a time
gap. However, most of the new oils that are currently being found are either
very difficult to produce or far from the market or both. For example, oil from
shale oil is undoubtedly expensive in both environmental and financial terms.
Yergin also emphasizes the importance of natural gas, especially shale gas. He
seems less concerned about the cost of exploiting shale oil through a
"cracking" process than some modern critics.

In a broad discussion of international
affairs and politics, Yergin highlights a number of topics. For example, he
highlights the importance of pipeline policies, pointing to fierce disputes over
routes used to transport gas and oil from the Caspian Sea to European markets.
The interesting topic Yergin emphasizes is the rivalry between the United
States and China, which is just beginning to be recognized in the extensive
literature on politics of international oil. His basic message is the
importance of innovation and supply diversity in both oil supply and
alternative energy sources. He goes back to Winston Churchill's view of the
1913, discussing the consequences of moving from the coal-fired navy to an
oil-fueled fleet. Befitting
someone who has written oil history, he is well aware of the close relationship
between the Middle East's history and tensions on the one hand, and secures the
oil supply on the other. In this regard, he is
particularly concerned about Iran's possible acquisition of nuclear weapons. He
is well aware of the impact of growth on economies and energy demand in
developing countries. Yergin also emphasized what he used to call conservation,
but changed its name to efficiency. Of course, this has been acknowledged for
some considerable period of time since the 1973 oil crisis. But he would be too
optimistic about the potential contribution of efficiency to energy security.
It is important to emphasize that conservation is most attractive at a time
when energy prices are high. When oil prices fell in the 1980s, interest in
conservation increased.

In this book, Yergin shows the world the
continuing centrality of energy, and as a result, shows how energy security
remains a preconceived notion of government, business and individual. He
emphasizes the importance of efficiency, but his research on the increasing use
of energy and the inevitability of increasing energy use, especially in rapidly
developing countries, makes it clear that these concerns will not disappear. He
shows that a factor that drove oil diplomacy in the early 20th century, which
made it impossible for major consumers of petroleum to be self-sufficient
because they were not the same as major producers of petroleum, still remains
today. China may be a major producer of coal, and indeed an oil producer, but
it still relies on overseas energy supplies and has had to adopt policies to secure
adequate supplies for the future. He expects renewable sources of energy, not
fossil fuels, to become increasingly important in the coming years, despite his
positive discussions about the future of access to fossil fuels. Overall, this
book shows Daniel Yergin is primarily optimistic about the future of energy
security. Looking back in the past, he shows that mankind has found a solution
when faced with obvious insurmountable challenges such as the expected decline
in oil production, the beginning of climate change, and the impact of Middle
Eastern politics on oil security. Yergin concludes the book by saying
creativity is the core of exploration, and it's as much about the human mind as
technology, so this is why it's never going to end. He emphasizes the search for knowledge and innovation,
points to the globalization of energy demand, and concludes that the resource
base for knowledge and creativity is expanding. This will fuel insight and creativity
to find new solutions. I think the whole book is actually designed to prove
that this optimistic approach is based on historical precedent.