“The Quest(2030 에너지 전쟁)”was written by Daniel Yegin, who
is considered the most influential man in the energy field, and the thickness of
the book was enormous, so I had high expectations that it would cover the past
and the future of energy even before I read it. While reading the book, I
strongly felt that Daniel Yegin wanted to explain energy by dividing it into
"traditional energy" such as petroleum and natural gas, and "new
energy" including new energy and renewable energy. More specifically,
petroleum has changed the world, but he defines it as a resource whose importance
is so great that it makes countries around the world struggle and a resource that
has a bad influence on the environment due to carbon emissions. On the other
hand, new and renewable energy is still unfamiliar and cannot replace petroleum
right now, but he call it a new alternative energy that will make a cataclysmic
change in the energy system and drive out traditional energy. Daniel Yegin says
the importance of energy will be extremely high in the future and new changes
to new alternative energy will also come. 


 

The first part of this book gives a stark
picture of the petroleum-dominated reality. The United States, China, and
Russia, which are fighting for global hegemony, desperately need petroleum
help. Only when they are not swayed by petroleum can they be said to have a
strong hegemony. In other words, petroleum itself is power because it is a
resource that can shake our daily lives. It also refers to the "oil
shock" that showed this. The war in the Middle East, which produces petroleum,
has led to economic recession in developed countries and at the same time to
stagflation, rising prices and even unemployment. Political struggles in Iran
and Saudi Arabia have also sent the world economy into recession. The war in
the Middle East, the political struggle of a Middle Eastern country that is not
close to us, has shaken the economy not only in Korea but around the world only
because   most of the petroleum is produced in the
Middle East. Following the global economic recession caused by petroleum, it
has been known one after another that fossil fuels including petroleum have a bad
impact on the global environment. The most common bad effect is global warming,
which causes greenhouse gases such as carbon from fossil fuels to heat up the
Earth. In fact, the problem of petroleum has become more apparent because
large-scale glaciers have melted due to global warming, causing polar bears to
lose their place to live, and the island to sink due to rising sea levels.

 

When petroleum problems surfaced, the world
began to look for new energy to replace them. The book also mentions the
problems caused by carbon generated from petroleum and efforts to preserve the
global environment such as "Rio Environmental Conference" and begins
the story of new energy in earnest from part 5. New alternative energy can be
largely divided into ‘new energy’ and ‘renewable energy’. New energy is newly
developed energy, not traditional energy such as petroleum and natural gas,
which includes fuel cells, coal liquefied gas, and hydrogen energy. Renewable
energy is energy used by converting renewable energy such as sunlight, wind,
and water into electricity and fuel. The most encouraging thing about the
development of new alternative energy is that the oil-rich Middle Eastern
country is also at the forefront of the development of new energy, and
governments and commercial enterprises around the world are working on the
development and commercialization of new and renewable energy. Although it is a
time-consuming and expensive development project and its proportion is insignificant
now, it is certainly hopeful that it is constantly developing new and renewable
energy without interruption.

 

I think there will be many readers who view
the future negatively rather than positively when reading this book and thinking
about the future. The second half of the book also presents alternative energy
as a new and renewable energy that will drive out traditional energy, but it is
true that developing and commercializing new and renewable energy takes a huge
amount of money and time, and it is easier and more cost-effective to produce
crude oil and refine it into petroleum with infrastructure already developed. But
in the end, it has to change, and we know the answer. We know that petroleum will
someday run out, and we also know that the flow of energy system will change
from traditional energy to renewable energy. We may be in the first row of the
solving process to get the exact answers we know. Wouldn't Daniel Yegin have
named the book "The Quest (2030 에너지 전쟁)"
because he wants readers to participate in the quest for this solution? I look
forward to seeing some day when new and renewable energy completely replaces petroleum.