Energy has become too natural in everyday life. Civilization has evolved
with energy and I think modern society can no longer survive without energy.
Therefore, for energy-dependent countries like Korea, sufficient understanding
of the energy market and efforts to secure resources are essential.
  The book covers the world situation
surrounding various resources and the strategies of countries. It seemed a
little difficult for me, who had no interest in energy or resources before, but
I think this opportunity has given me a new perspective on energy.
  There are two main impressive insights
from this book. I could have a new perspective on the resources of oil and how
renewable energy, which has recently gained attention, has developed.
  First of all, issues related to
oil-producing countries such as Russia, Arzebayan, and Kazakhstan over oil have
given me a chance to rethink the political and economic influence of oil. In
the case of Russia, the failure of the former Soviet regime caused the country
to revive for a short period of time through resources such as oil and natural
gas, even though 'panty stockings' were not properly supplied and various
necessities were scarce. Changes in the system and policies were also
important, but the power of the resources themselves could be seen.
  Also in Arjebayan, I could tell that
oil was not just resources, but 'strategic and defense power and sovereignty,'
and that there was a big and small political conflict over the issue of
pipeline politics and early oil. In particular, Georgia, which was closely
related to this, was a poor independent country, but it was seen that it had
political power as the pipeline emerged.
  I also learned new facts about Asia
where we belong. As the nation's rapid growth naturally follows the nation's
rapid growth, OPEC increased output in the 1990s due to Asia's rapid growth,
which was hit hard by the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s. I was well
aware of the IMF economic crisis at the time, but I was not aware of the impact
of the oil market, and it was amazing that the word "Jakarta
syndrome" was coined depending on the situation. It also showed that oil
and natural gas are closely related to the economy by watching other sectors of
the economy, except for the gas industry, suffer economic damage, such as
currency overvalued and export prices rising in a country that suddenly made a
lot of money through resources such as oil.
  I remember receiving a lot of concern
and attention this year as oil prices fell sharply under the Covid-19. I used
to think of crude oil only in terms of resources, but I think I've come to know
a new perspective. In other words, crude oil moves on the basis of the market
principle of demand-supply, feeling that it has a powerful influence in
politics and society around the world and that it is a symbolic presence in
modern society.

  Next I learned about renewable energy
about the efforts of early venture capitalists and scientists to replace fossil
fuels. The history of the renewable energy industry is the history of
innovation and start-up spirit. It is not because they are satisfied with
fossil fuels, which already occupy the overall energy market, but because they
have developed them by steadily researching and investing new methods.
Renewable energy is still insignificant in the overall energy market, as well
as at the time the book was released. However, despite various difficulties
such as environmental awareness, interest in new energy, and falling interest,
etc., through the energy crisis of the 1970s, innovation continues. Also, these
innovations are becoming increasingly important, coupled with awareness of
greenhouse gases and carbon emissions.
  Renewable energy is less energy
efficient than fossil fuel energy used previously, is less utilized so far, and
is relatively costly. However, many countries are striving to develop renewable
energy and support the revitalization of renewable energy by subsidizing
electric vehicles in Korea. While not optimistic about the prospect of
renewable energy itself, we nevertheless thought that we should continue to be
interested in renewable energy because of the increasing use of energy and the
lack of fossil fuels and the continued investment in renewable energy
innovation.

  Although this book was thick and
difficult to read for me who was not familiar with world history, it was very
good to realize once again the view that energy can be a resource and a national
competitiveness, not just from the perspective of science.