2030 에너지 전쟁 (The Quest) - Focused on the Global
Economy and the Prospects of Renewable Energy Industry

 

         
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
          2016312698  Eungryeol Kim

 

 "2030 에너지 전쟁 (The Quest)" is a book that for non-energy
major like me, or business administration majors, can read with sufficient
interest and understanding. At first, I was appalled by the vast volume and the
number of pages, but I had the impression that it covered various
energy-related stories through episodes and especially the relationship between
energy and international affairs with insight, rather than focusing on the
principle of energy generation, or scientific data descriptions, . 

 I thought that the contents of the
book were too vast  and various to cover all in this book report.
Therefore, this book report will focus on the relationship between energy and
the global economy that could have been thought of while reading this book as a
business undergraduates, and the prospects for the renewable energy industry
that has recently been in the spotlight.

 

 1. The Impact of
Resources&amp;Energy on the Global Economy

 It has long been shown through
examples that resources, or energy, affect the global economy. One of the most
representative examples is the first and second oil shock. Cuts in oil
production in the Middle East at that time caused oil prices to jump five times
in a month, having a huge impact on the global economy. In particular, Korea,
which fostered heavy industries at this time, was also known to have been hit.
The oil shock not only caused economic crises in the United States, Britain and
other allies, but also led to a reversal of the economic policy stance itself.
Keynes' revised capitalism, based on the inverse relationship between existing
employment rates and inflation, no longer worked due to oil cuts and soaring
oil prices, and this triggered a new era of neo-liberalism represented by
Friedman. As introduced in the book, resources influence the international
situation and, at the same time, the economic situation and even the global
economic policy stance. 

 

2. The Impact of the Global Economy on
Resources &amp; Energy

 Earlier, it was introduced that
resources and energy have a profound impact on the global economy. On the
contrary, however, the global economy has also had a significant impact on the
resource and energy industries. Going back to the example of an oil shock, this
has caused governments' interest in renewable energy. In 1979, the Carter
administration in the U.S. announced plans to intensively foster the solar
energy industry, saying, "There will be no entity who can ban solar
energy." Other countries had also begun to show interest in renewable
energy in order not to cause the economy to falter by resources. In other
words, unlike recent climate change issues, the first reason of the interest in
renewable energy was the global economic issue at the time.





 3. Climate Change Issues and Growth of
the Renewable Energy Industry

 Since the 2010s, interest in the
renewable energy industry has continued to grow as climate change has become a
global agenda. As governments give incentives to renewable energy industries
and impose sanctions on energy sources that have contributed to environmental
pollution such as carbon emission regulations, investment is being attracted in
earnest. As a result, there is a change in the primary energy source, solar and
wind power industries, as well as the use of energy such as electric vehicles
and hydrogen cars. This is very clear through the stock market. In abroad, stock
prices of Tesla and Nio have soared, as well as domestic stocks such as Hyundai
Motors and CSWind have also been on a steep rise. In the end, I think that
changes in resources and energy are not just came from changes in one factor,
but only when various external factors such as politics, economy, business and
industries all fit together.

 

 4. Conclusion

 In the conclusion, the
resource&amp;energy industry of the future will be constantly affected by the
international politic situation, economy, industry, and on the other hand, it
will affect them, too. Innovations in transportation, led by electric vehicles
and hydrogen cars, are expected in the near future, and research on new energy
sources and their use, such as power generation technologies using artificial
sun, is endless in the long run. So how should I deal with this situation as a
business student? Perhaps the answer is to be constantly interested in energy
and resources and to look at the various issues linked to them and pay
attention to the overall trend of the industry.