: most important energy, focusing on petroleum(oil) (2019313608 김진선)

The book
explains the process of energy change that humans used as they developed and
tells various stories that occurred in the process. Among them, I would like to
talk to mankind about ' petroleum,' which has been the most important energy source of the past few
centuries and is still the most important source of energy.

1. Is oil truly
a blessed substance?

I often thought
that I wanted to be Mansour when I didn't want to study in school. That meant
that I didn't want to worry about anything if I could be oil-rich like Mansour.
But when I felt the harmful effects of oil while reading this book, that
thought disappeared. OPEC founder Juan Pablo Perez Alfonso described oil as
'the devil's waste.' He said that while oil may be a blessing-like property, it
could have a strong negative impact on people's psychology and motives. For
example, Venezuela was an oil-rich country, but its economy and society both
relied on oil exports and its people became lazy. Also, Russia, which relied
too heavily on oil-producing wealth, lost its national resources. Also, from
the 1990s to the 2000s, Russia's oil revenues dominated Russia's economy and
politics. There was no hesitation in robbing or stealing oil, and so many
companies jumped into the oil business that in the end, Russia lost its oil
productivity. After trial and error, Russia was able to win the title of the
world's largest oil producer again in the 2010s, but it was forced to lose a
lot in the process. Through these examples, we have been able to see that too
much reliance on oil's wealth has a bad effect on the country as a whole from a
long-term perspective.

2. Oil can be a
weapon.

Oil not only
controls the economy and politics of the country, but it can also be a weapon.
Oil became an important weapon because of the outbreak of World War II. As
such, fears have arisen that oil can be depleted after several wars, and
entering the 21st century, oil is not only simply securing it, but also
affecting the overall economy, politics, and security of various countries. The
energy security that oil-importing countries think is the stability of supply,
and the energy security that oil-exporting countries think is the stability of demand. It is a sensitive part of building energy
security that requires consideration of many factors, such as the country's
system, size, and time margin. Oil could be a sensitive issue between
countries, with the Washington Energy Conference launching the International
Energy Trust to keep oil from being used as a weapon.

3. Depletion of
Oil
When I was a child, school always taught me that the depletion of oil was 'not
far off'. I thought this expression 'not far away' was very vague, and I didn't
realize it was a matter of great importance. But by reading this book, I felt
that oil would someday run out, and we must prepare for it. In the book,
several scholars explain the theory of oil depletion, and according to the Plateau
Oil Theory, oil will enter the plateau, which will accelerate production for a
few decades and then maintain a constant flat surface. Then, the output will
gradually decrease. Also, Herbert Peake presented the peak theory that US oil
production would reach its peak between 1965 and 1970. The theory of peak oil
and plateau oil have in common that we should eventually find energy to replace
oil. Also, it is important to find a substitute for oil, even to solve the
political and security problems of various countries.

4. Carbohydrate
Human, Bioenergy
So to find energy to replace oil, what should we do in the future?
The answer can be found in renewable energy. There have been many efforts to
create renewable energy to replace oil, but bioenergy has been most impressive
to me.
"The hydrocarbon humans, who dominated the oil era in the 20th century,
will give way to carbohydrate humans as time changes," which means that
biofuels are becoming a new source of energy by replacing oil. In particular,
the ethanol market has been on track to some extent, with the amount of ethanol
currently mixed in gasoline in the United States reaching nearly 900,000
barrels a day. Of course, the energy efficiency of ethanol is still very low.
Cellulose ethanol, one of the ethanol, is cheap in raw material costs, but the
cost of the process is high. To manufacture cellulose ethanol costs four times
as much as a corn ethanol-making facility. While there is controversy over when
ethanol and other biofuels will become practical, Stephen Kunin, the U.S.
Undersecretary of Energy for Energy Science, said, 'Because of environmental
issues, biofuels will eventually account for about 20 percent of the global
demand for automotive fuel.' To do so, problems with technology, price, scale, and environment will have to be solved.
 Oil brings wealth, but on the back of it
lies a terrifying monster. Countries that relied solely on oil lost their
magnetism and caused instability in many countries. The obvious thing is, we
must find the energy to replace oil. To do so, continuous research and interest in
renewable energy is needed.