2016 was an inseparable year for robots. There was also the showdown between AlphaGo and Lee Se-dol of the century, and the craze of the augmented reality game Pokemon GO. VR is no longer a stranger, and stories of drones and unmanned vehicles are heard frequently. Like this, advances in robot technology are taking place in much more diverse areas at a much faster pace than we thought. Of course, there is a controversy mixed with praise and concern.What will you do under these circumstances? With an understanding of the current state of robots and robot technology, it is important to understand the content and meaning of the problems raised in relation to them, and to think about the attitude necessary to live with them. "Robo Scape-Robot, Artificial Intelligence, Future Society" (Kepoi Books, 2016) is a book that answers these questions. No idea can be a decisive answer because the situation itself is constantly changing, but we have approached the robot in as many ways as possible to cover the generalities of what we need to know and think about.the twelve-pronged road that intersects with the first robot.Chapter 1_ Frontline of RoboticsSong Young-min Soft Robot-The Evolution of Biomimic RobotsThe Convergence of Technology with the Advancement of Hwang Hee-sun's Medical RobotYoo Sun-chul World of Extreme Environmental RobotsChapter 2_ Problems with Artificial Intelligence RobotsThe History and Future of Han Jae-kwon's Artificial Intelligence RobotTransitional AlphaGo, Fukushima, Gwanghwamun Square-An Interpretation of Artificial Intelligence SocietyRights of Kim Yoon-myung Artificial Intelligence (Robot)Chapter 3_ The Path to Robots's ProgressKim Myung-seok Robot Humanities and Robot SociologyKim Ki-heung: Who is afraid of post-humanism? Critical consideration of post-humanism.Kim Jin-taek Robot, That's How Much Body-SoulChapter 4_ Robots and Humans Between Imagination and RealityPark Sang-joon Robot, Mirror of Human Desire- Focusing on Human Imagination in SFIs there any robot that gives birth to Lee Jin-Joo-From Eva to Robotspeak of art in the Eom Yun-seol era of robotsPart 2: How to Live in the Age of Robots The book consists of two parts: one parts. The first part contains 12 robot stories of experts in different fields, and the second part contains sit-down talks conducted by some of them.In Chapter 1, Chapter 1, "The Front Line of Robot Engineering," a collection of articles introducing information on the development of advanced robotics, which may be unfamiliar to the general public. It informs the current status of familiar and unfamiliar robot technologies such as soft robots, medical robots, and extreme environment robots.Chapter 2 "The Problem of Artificial Intelligence Robots" consists of articles related to the development of artificial intelligence, which has become a concern for the entire nation since AlphaGo. Introducing the development process of robots as thinking tools according to the development of related technologies, it explains how artificial neural network control technology has produced artificial intelligence and presents the problems that artificial intelligence robot research needs to solve and our attitude toward it. Chapter 3, "The Path to Robot's Cause," contains articles reflecting on the attitude we need from the perspective of humanities and social sciences at a time when robotics has developed and is about to develop artificial intelligence robots.Chapter 4, "Boots and Humans Between Imagination and Reality," contains articles about robots in terms of living culture. They review SF imaginations about the relationship between robots and humans, ask for reasons for the anthropological points of robot development, examine the aspects of femininity imposed on various cultural contexts where robots appear, and emphasize that creativity as an artist's idea and convergence through close communication are competitiveness that should be prepared for the future robot era.Part 2 "How to Live in the Age of Robots" contains a discussion of humanities, philosophers, kinetic artists, robotics engineers, and medical robot researchers. The discussion begins by re-examining the definition of a robot and expanding its understanding of the robot and checking the current status and direction of the robot development technology. The main focus of the story lies in the problems with the development of robots and our attitude toward them. We conduct candid discussions on what the development of robot technology means in the context of economy, law, ethics, and human beings. Various opinions of participants with various majors will be confirmed.http://www.yes24.com/Product/Goods/35216658