The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World Book ReviewSeungjoo Ryee 2018311133       Daniel Yergin is one of the leading experts of energy, geopolitics, and global economy and has won honorable awards, namely the Pulitzer Prize, which allowed not only his name to spread but allowed his works to reach audiences on a more international scale. His book The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World” touches on several topics that are derived from a common foundation which is energy. The book serves to pinpoint the importance of energy, how it creates political and economic shift and tension, the energies that built our world, and the new energies that are challenging the original ones to replace them. 	Yergin continuously shares many historical facts and data to support his statements. The first part of Yergin’s novel touches on all of the aspects mentioned above by introducing the fall of the Soviet Union and the return of Russia as a country. It discusses the history of the Soviet Union as a significant exporter of oil and its downfall due to the 1973 October War and the Arab oil embargo which was the intense increase of oil prices. Although this is merely one of the many examples of the historical data mentioned before, Yergin’s examination of the history of oil and its development allows us to contemplate and evaluate, to a certain extent, the topic of the supply of oil and its future. He also mentions different areas such as Beijing, Silicon Valley in San Francisco, and more to exemplify that these places are playing a fundamental role in establishing the world’s future on energy. Furthermore, although the United States is currently the largest consumer of oil, totaling about 19.4 million barrels per day, Yergin believes that China, the second-largest consumer of oil, with its active growth, could easily replace the position of the United States, which will create a political and economic shift, and perhaps even conflict. 	He also touches on the topic of alternative energies like wind and solar, which are renewable, and allows us to further understand the restoration and capacity of such energies in the future. On top of that, he discusses the potential energy model such as electric vehicles, namely Tesla, that could serve to influence and frame our future. Yergin stresses that the future cannot exist and depend on a single energy source, thus expressing on many occasions that it is crucial to examine and recognize various options for different energy sources. By doing this, not only will it allow the use of various energy sources, but also will not narrow and restrict the chances of further discoveries of new energy sources. However, while all these aspects are crucial, Yergin highlights the relevance of efficiency and how finding the energy source that has the greatest influence will lead to the growth of efficiency. 	Although Yergin states numerous issues that the world is facing in terms of energy, he also dives into questioning different ways of building new energy systems and finding solutions to the problems. Yergin’s book touches upon numerous topics of energy that are greatly relevant to our world and lives. He reiterates, albeit not deliberately, that we humans waste energy, and that we are limited on energy sources. He realises and aims to share with his audience the constant search for new energy sources that will be efficient in multiple ways to help solve the issues today and to lessen and prevent the potential problems that could arise in the future.