&lt;2030 에너지 전쟁&gt;
book review

                                           
2019313563 Dongchan Kim

I learned “Energy in daily life” this
semester. One of the assignments was to read book and write a review about it.
This book was about fuel, energy, electricity, global warming, and others. From
all of them, the most interesting part that I read was “Global warming” and
“renewable energy”. Because I am interested in protecting the nature, it sound
interesting to me. So I will write a review about this two big topics. 

I was always worried about the “global
warming”. However, in the beginning of this chapter, Arrhenius, who won the
Nobel prize in chemistry doesn’t worry about the global warming that much.
Actually, he first forecasted the global warming but he didn’t worry that much.
He argued that it takes 3000 years for CO2 to become twice more. Although the
CO2 become twice more, he said that we shouldn’t worry about it.

Though some of the chemist argues that
global warming is a virtual image, lots of graph and statistics show that the
earth is getting warm and the CO2 is fast increasing. According to “Keeling
curve”, we can see that carbon dioxide is keep increasing. It is serious
because since the earth has made, there was no time that the carbon
dioxide exceeded 350ppm. However, since 2010, it got up to 360ppm. It is in proportion to the rise in the average
global temperature. Scientists predict that if carbon dioxide continues to be
released at the current pace, its concentration will reach 540 to 970 ppm by
2100, resulting in a 1.1 to 6.4 °C rise in global temperatures. This is what I worried about when I watched global warming
documentary.

However, this situation continues, developed
countries and developing countries are fighting against each other. Developing
countries say that they are irresponsible because developed countries are the
factors that made global warming faster. Because they already made
environmental pollution in the process of development. Although this is fact, I
thought that developing countries should also participate in protecting the
earth, because the time is running out for the earth to endure the pollution.
So I think that lots of good solutions have to be made.

One of the best solutions that I felt was “carbon
emission trading system”. Because my major is business, I thought that paying
based on how many they used was fair. By doing this, emission of 2008 was
decreased down to almost 60% of 1980s. Also by decreasing the upper limit every
year can lower emission and higher the cost of those countries who use carbon.
I think that this regulation suits capitalism.

The next interesting part of this book was “renewable
energy”. At the beginning of the book, I felt the seriousness of global warming
and thought that we have to find out an replaceable way of making Carbon
Dioxide. Renewable energy was the answer. From all of these, “Solar power generation” was the most eye-catching. Also, solar
power could be found anywhere in the earth. Once
built, it works without complex industrial facilities. Basically, it's
easy to install because it's normal to put it on the roof. However, there are somethings to
supplement. It is little more expensive than others. Even if mass production is
done, it is hard to fit the price of other resources. But if we keep try to
lower the price, we can match the “grid parity”. It is the point where the unit price of thermal power generation rises and the
unit price of renewable energy decreases. And if this happens, the solar
power generation could be much more competitive. 

However, to calculate the “grid
parity” there are some points that we have to supplement. Because the amount of
sunlight is different in every place, it is essential to calculate how much
time does the solar panel works. By calculating this perfectly, it will help us
to know the “grid parity” easier.

As I learned from this book, the
global warming is in process. So making solution all together with other
countries is crucial. By changing this crisis into opportunity will help Korean
economy to be the front-runner of renewable energy. One solution that I thought
was to activate hydroelectric power because Korea is oiled up into the sea in three
sides. So I suggest the hydroelectric power.

By reading this book, I felt the pros
and cons of each energy and what way should human have to go and think of.