“The Quest(2030 에너지 전쟁)” is as thick as the book containing all about energy. Talk about the energy that has created and maintained modern society, the impact of the energy, and the direction in which energy moves forward. It describes geopolitical issues such as oil, which are the most commonly used energy, and wars, as well as supply problems, environmental problems caused by these fossil fuels, and alternative energy sources. A common sense of overall energy, and its history, could be learned. I felt now is the turning point for a new energy. As oil replaced coal, it seems to be time for new energy.  Because of the team project, I read interestingly the carbon story of part four and the new energy part of part five related to the theme of our group. Climate change and environmental damage from the reckless use of fossil fuels have been ongoing, and now we have to find and implement solutions. First of all, global energy consumption has increased and will grow faster than it is now. We need energy that meets this enormous demand, but no longer causes climate change. I think it is time to research and develop various alternative energy sources. What is surprising and frightening about climate change is that we are currently undergoing that change, but this is a drastic change in just a few years. 98% of the atmosphere is oxygen and nitrogen, which accounts for very little carbon dioxide. This small amount of carbon dioxide traps some of the heat from the sun and then distributes it back to the atmosphere to keep the temperature in the atmosphere neither too hot nor too cold. The first study of climate change began out of fear that the ice age might come again. Rather, people even thought that they could use the greenhouse effect to increase the number of agricultural areas. In the 19th century, carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is expected to double and take about 3,000 years. Before industrialization, it was 280 ppm, but it reached 354 in the 1990s. At first, research began with surprises about glaciers.This scientific interest led to political action as the problem progressed.The summit meeting in Rio de Janeiro and consultations on the Kyoto Protocol continued. Work that started with the glacier mystery is now an important issue. Therefore, I think that new energy should be centered on eco-friendly and sustainable.Also, the key words in energy issues are economic feasibility and national security.  The economics of energy is one of the key causes of many wars over energy. The oil price crisis has a big impact on economies around the world. It also serves as a proper regulation of environmental issues. One of them is the carbon emission trading system. Through a system that regulates carbon emissions in line with market logic, the problem of carbon emissions has been brought to the surface and made people think about more active solutions. It occurred to me that the development of new energy, not fossil fuels, might be an important opportunity for our country. Currently, it relies on imports for energy such as oil and natural gas, which are used the most. This high dependence on foreign countries serves as a drawback in a society that is changing faster and more complex. However, the technology that can produce new energy directly will help to protect energy security and create a stable society.Korea's ratio of alternative energy use is still small, but related research should be diversified to gain an upper hand in the alternative energy market. Korea's topography is said to be suitable for wind power generation. As such, we hope to invest more in developing various alternative energy sources such as energy suitable for the terrain and energy through resource circulation, including waste energy. We should reduce our dependence on overseas energy and protect the environment.