This book tells
the story behind the history of energy, as the basis of human culture and
development. Throughout the 6 chapters, the changes brought by energy, the
effects it had on people, and the process of energy driving political and
economic change, are illustrated in several interesting stories. 
  Chapter I is about oil, which was the
beginning of radical changes for the humankind. It explains why and how many
countries around the world have fought for oil since the Gulf War and also
points out the harms brought by the use of oil.
  Chapter 2 deals with energy security. It
explains how after the oil shock, many countries went through difficulties and
started working on energy security. New energy sources that have emerged on
behalf of oil are also introduced.
  Chapter 3 tells the story of the era
when electricity began to work. It explains how prominent scholars such as
Thomas Edison led the beginning and development of industrial society. 
  Chapter 4 is about climate change and how
countries around the world dealt with this problem. It explains in detail the conflicting
opinions on whether climate change was an impending problem and the process of
signing global agreements such as the Rio Declaration and the Kyoto Protocol.
  Chapter 5 covers renewable energy. It
explains how technologies related to renewable energy have developed and
especially the development and utilization of solar thermal energy. 
  Chapter 6 deals with future energy
sources. It especially explains the development of bioenergy and electric cars.

One of the parts that
I thought was impressive was the story about many countries’ response to
climate change and the negotiation process. The story of Wirth, who
deliberately heated up the conference room to make sure that people would feel
the severity of climate change, was very funny, but also very impressive because
I thought it showed how determined he was for change. After Wirth’s conference,
people's interest in climate change quickly subsided over and over as
controversy continued over whether climate change was a serious problem at the
moment. However, every time interest dwindled, there were people who emphasized
the seriousness of the situation and the importance of quickly taking action.
These figures include Bush, who for the first time made greenhouse gas and
climate change a campaign topic; Margaret Thatcher, who delivered a speech to
draw attention to climate change; Bollin, who had long played a key role in
international climate associations; and Obama, who prioritized environmental
issues. Reading their stories, I thought their efforts and interest about the
environment were very impressive. I also became grateful to those, because that
the current environment and climate problems probably would have been much more
serious without their efforts. It was the few extraordinary people that really
impacted the whole world and people to live after them. 
  This book shows readers that the issue of
energy is an important topic closely related not only to science but also to
politics and economics. Without an understanding of the history of energy
development and the current energy issues, it would be impossible for a country
to play an important role in world politics and economics. Therefore, I strongly
believe that anyone hoping to be an important figure of the modern society, where
climate change is getting worse and energy efficiency is becoming more
important, should read this book.