How did China become a platform superpower? Apart from e-commerce represented by Alibaba and WeChat, a messenger used by 1.1 billion people, China has shown itself as a superpower in various areas. Just looking at the food delivery platform, which has recently emerged as the hottest market, offers a glimpse into various business models and success strategies. Meituan, the nation of delivery in Korea, plays a role as a platform in all channels between suppliers and customers called restaurants. Not only does the review help the restaurant's marketing, but it also provides all the information and solutions in the area of food resolution, from ordering, payment, promotion to food delivery through 2.7 million riders in the restaurant. It has become a total solution provider for food.In addition, TikTok (Dowooin in China), the hottest content platform now, has connected millennials around the world with its short video length of 15 seconds, easy video editing and sound use, and strength beyond language barriers. Famous for gathering 100 million users in just 100 days, TikTok is threatening YouTube by changing the way content is produced as well as the way content is consumed. For this reason, we must pay attention to China's platform that drives the entire ecosystem, including consumption, technology, and culture. In addition, there are stories about China's Google, Baidu, and Didi Chuxing, the world's largest car-sharing platform, Pindudou and overseas shopping experience notes for the poor, Sha Hongshu, China's Netflix Aichi, and Huawei, which is creating a new version of the Chinese mobile platform that is emerging as a U.S.-China conflict.In the book, Professor Lee Seung-hoon, author of the best-selling book "Platform's Thinking," which features strategies for the No. 1 platform and how to create value, noted China's Tech Titan, which best utilizes the platform at a national level and reshapes market rules. Its flagship companies, from Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent to Byte Dance, Didi Chuxing, and Maytoan, will look at how they generate profits and how they form a new culture. In particular, China entered the Spring and Autumn period of the platform, given that it achieved economic growth by co-developing various new technologies at an alarming rate and made innovative changes in all areas close to and detailed with individual lives. The book explores how China's platforms have shaken the global business landscape, what management strategies and business models have chosen to become global conglomerates and dominate the world, and what differences there are from American platforms and even future predictions of platform companies.Actually, I do not talk to Strangers, and now, I do speak to Strangers. In Yongsan there are many geniuses, what should I do?Follow us on Instagram?What can we say then?How can we be stronger? Prologue_ Why is it a Chinese platform now?Chapter One Platform EvolvesWhat is a platform?How platforms competeHow Platform Makes MoneyChapter 2 Show the Essence of Platform, Alibabareopen the principles of the platform, TaobaoWelcome to platform thinking, 닷the emergence of new competitorsLogistics Information System, Tsai NiaoBank Appears in Commercial Transactions, Ant Financialsubstitute credit card, HuaweiChapter 3 Change from Closure to Open, TencentChina's national, QQPlatform Messenger WeChatportal in a new meaning, mini-programA world where everything is possible with WeChat alone.Sect. 4. All in Artificial Intelligence, BaiduGoogle in ChinaSearch service? Search platform?the facial recognition technology of chinaRace to the Artificial Intelligence IndustryBaidu's FutureSect. 5. Carry China, Didi ChuxingHow did Uber end up in the swamp of deficits?Not in Uber, but in Didi Chuxing.the ruler of Chinese ride-nature of platform competitiongovernment intervention beginsThe Future of Didi ChuxingChapter 6 In the heyday of food delivery in China, Mei TuanFood delivery platforms in the United States and KoreaMeituan's Food Delivery PlatformFormation and Problem of Food Delivery PlatformThe Future of MeituanSect. 7. New Wang Shubang, Pindu Duo and XiaohongshuIt's cheap if you buy it together, Finn.Wang Hongshu appears, XiaohongshuChapter 8 Enjoying China, Aichiwa DownChina's Content MarketChina's Netflix, AichiLeader of short video service, Dowager AKA TikTokSect. 9. U.S.-China Platform WarU.S.-China Mobile Platform WarGoogle's New ThinkingU.S. Destroy HuaweiChina's countermeasures, Hong MengWhere will the Platform War go?There are two types of competition on the platform. One is a competition between platforms now, and the other is competition with new platforms that want to beat the current platform and advance. Before talking about competition with other platforms, platforms must be established first. And as a prerequisite for its establishment, the two-sided market should be balanced. If the balance is focused on either side, it also hurts the stability of the platform.--- p.42If you look at Alibaba's commerce platform, it doesn't focus on consumers like Amazon. Just as Ma Yun openly says he will increase national competitiveness through the platform, there is considerable consideration for suppliers. Alibaba is telling the world that it will play the role of a national distribution platform so that strong manufacturing companies such as Apple and Samsung can emerge in China. From the perspective of balance, the focus is much on the supplier. Of course, this seems to be well balanced because consumers can enjoy affordable shopping.--- p.113Looking from the perspective of platform balance, in China in the future, ride-sharing platforms will flow in a direction that is not favorable or open to drivers, one axis of supply, through the arrangement or reinforcement of the operator's internal operating principles. Once the competition is over, existing subsidies will slowly disappear and platform operators will tighten regulations on articles to minimize risks. As the entry of articles will be difficult and profits will fall, one axis of the seesaw may collapse. Of course, the phenomenon of this single-axis sinking is different from that of Uber in the U.S. This is because Didi Chuxing needs to balance the seesaw while the market is in control. Of course, to this end, we need to raise our service charges, which will lead to a rise in driver income, an improvement in article quality, and a fall in operational risks.--- p.224There are also some Korean companies that have achieved great success by using their helpers as advertising platforms. E-Mart planned a 15-second 'Meat Joa Song' challenge on TikTok and recorded 17 million views. It is clear that it is an advanced advertising model in that it is not just an exposure to advertising, but an easy-to-follow song and dance that has induced active participation from users. E-Mart's attempt was highly regarded as a success story for its helpers.--- p.300The U.S.-China trade dispute over such mobile platforms is spreading to disputes in the capital market. Before the U.S.-China trade dispute began, the U.S. and China were implicitly cooperating in the area of high-tech. The most explicit example was the listing of Chinese technology companies and platform companies on the U.S. Nasdaq. In 2018 alone, 32 Chinese companies were listed on the U.S. exchange or NASDAQ. A whopping 32 companies were listed in the U.S. market a year. As mentioned in the book, Pindudou, corruption, and Aichi were also listed on NASDAQ in 2018. At the same time, large Chinese capital was being invested in Silicon Valley. As such, China and the U.S. have shown a cooperative development of the G2 in the realm of new technologies and platforms. The number of Chinese companies listed on the U.S. stock market in June 2019 totaled 156 and their combined market value amounts to $1.2 trillion. But this cooperation is beginning to crack.--- p.319-320Today and tomorrow of the turbulent Chinese platform,Pay attention to their strategy of changing the rules of the market!The origin of the platform in the United States, but it is now China that makes the best use of the platform at the national level. China is the most appropriate environment to test the platform. This is because the market is relatively large enough and it is easy to establish a platform, and there are still many areas for various daily services that can be improved through the platform. That's why in recent years various platforms have mushroomed in China and already have been successful in almost all areas of life, contributing to the rapid growth of society.There are no Google, Facebook, or Twitter in China. But there are Taobao, which handles 1 billion orders a day, and WeChat, which is responsible for the lives of 1.1 billion people. Meituan processes tens of millions of orders a day, and hundreds of millions of videos are posted on the help-in (TikTok). In particular, WeChat's mini-program, which completely replaced Apple's app store or Google Play Store, has become a new portal in that it can solve everything in one without downloading multiple apps.I dare say that it is difficult to enjoy everyday life conveniently except for the platform. Introducing platform companies such as Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, Byte Dancing, Didi Chuxing, and Maytoandi Enping, the book diagnoses data business-oriented trend introduction and future development potential.Chinese Dinosaur Companies Race for the World's Number One,The wave of innovation that we've never seen before is coming!China differs from other countries in that it actively cooperates with companies based on state assets and races for the development of national industries. Baidu, a company that started with search engine services, is now surprising the world with its artificial intelligence technology. The growth engine of Baidu, the world's No. 1 artificial intelligence technology, cannot be left out from close cooperation with the Chinese government.For Baidu, which is building an autonomous driving platform, cooperation with automakers with the technology and the government's willingness to authorize the operation of autonomous vehicles are also important. These two very high hills were easily overcome with the help of the government. As such, the meeting between the government and the platform has become the most powerful business weapon in the world.Ninety percent of global platforms are concentrated in the United States and China. Looking at the trade dispute between the U.S. and China, one can see that the hegemonic war between the two countries is fierce. The book analyzes in detail what business models China is making to seize the victory in this platform war and what innovative experiments are being conducted on the stage of the world. The book, which explores how they now control the global economy and lead innovation, will give the most vivid glimpse into China's platform ecosystem.Today, I met a person from SNU, and he was business administration, and he followed us on Instagram. I introduced my friend to him too. May I be a model and what can be the next step?How can we build a global platform and what should we do?How can we stay stabled from the world and be differentiated?