&lt;New energy is our future&gt;
 Read '2030 Energy War'
 2017313850 Sung won, Kim
 
The 46th presidential election in
the United States is over. Democrat Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump for White
House. Four years ago, Trump announced his withdrawal from the Paris Climate
Agreement, just seven months after he was elected president. And last year, the
United States formally announced its withdrawal. The reason is that regulations
aimed at preventing climate change have an adverse effect on the economy. The
United States, the world's second-largest CO2 emitter, surprised the world.
Now, Biden will turn Trump's energy policy back. It will realize
eco-friendly policies such as re-joining the Paris Climate Agreement,
strengthening oil and gas regulations, and strengthening automobile fuel
efficiency standards. The Paris Climate Convention was adopted by the UN in
2015 with the participation of 195 countries, which shows climate change is not
an issue of one country or region. So why did Trump enforce the withdrawal of
the Paris Convention?
Hidden here
is the mechanism of energy and political power that drives the global economy.
The superficial reason was to protect the country's jobs, but on the other side
it was about the expansion of the shale gas industry. Shale gas was an
alternative to oil in the Middle East. Texas, Trump’s political base, is the
producer of shale gas. The United States has been fighting against the oil
power of the Middle East and succeeded in commercializing shale gas, which has allowed The United
States to change from an oil importing country to an exporting country. For a long time, the world
relied on oil from the Middle East. Fossil fuels such as coal, oil and natural gas were
the basis of the industrial revolution and economic growth, advancing humanity.
Petroleum is
the most powerful energy to date. Major oil producing countries in the Middle
East organized OPEC and insisted on raising oil prices and decreasing
production volumes. The oil shocks in1973 and 1979 increased oil prices by two
to four times. The world was divided into oil-producing and non-oil producing
countries, and a fatal economic strike was inevitable. Our country was no
exception. Production costs rose and inflation accelerated. Trade deteriorated
and stagflation also appeared. The unemployed was mass produced. These two oil
shocks clearly demonstrated the power of petroleum energy. The United States
and Iran were antagonistic, and the Middle East became the world's gunpowder.
And the 1991 Gulf War broke out.
However, a
lot is changing now in 2020. The world no longer relies solely on fossil fuels.
Fossil fuel is not a magic lamp that can be used forever. Each country searched
for something to replace fossil fuels and 'Nuclear Power', the most unique
power supply source, was expected to do it. The atomic bomb that sank Hiroshima
and Nagasaki has turned into nuclear power. It was the discovery of the
cheapest and safest energy, until the 1986 Chernobyl accident in Ukraine. The
Chernobyl nuclear accident shocked the world and made us realized that nuclear
power could be a disaster for mankind rather than safe energy source. Nuclear
power has become a disaster for mankind in safe energy. Nuclear power
generation is being cut in many places now. We also decided to dispose of
nuclear power plants that had reached the expected life span. At the same time,
the government is increasing the proportion of eco-friendly renewable energy.
The current government is advocating the Korean Green New Deal Policy which is a
combination of green industry and economic stimulus. It includes measures such
as green
transformation of urban spaces, diffusion of low carbon energy, and
construction of an eco-friendly ecosystem. Furthermore, the hydrogen economy
policy has been actively implemented and the the hydrogen infrastructure, construction
plan of charging stations, and hydrogen law are being carried forward. The
photovoltaic industry has been already active, though it poses several
problems. It is questionable whether so-called green industry is really
eco-friendly or has recognized energy-efficiency. Nevertheless, the important
fact is that the fossil fuel era is coming to an end. With 0% oil production,
new opportunities are coming. The era of new energy such as wind, solar,
hydrogen, electricity, biofuels and other renewable and alternative energy has
begun.
Russia, the
former Soviet Union, had a large land and had limitless resources such as oil
and natural gas. It was a country with almost all the resources. But they were
poor because electricity was scarce, factories were old, and workers' wages
were low. The abundance of resources has made them poor. How ironic this is.
They didn't try to reform; there was always everything, so there was no need to
reform. On the other hand, we lack natural resources. Even a single drop of oil
is not produced. So, we have devoted ourselves to technological innovation
based on human resources. Technology-intensive industries have made us a
world-class technology country. Maldistribution of resources has functioned as the best gift for reform and
growth. This book provides information on energy development and flow, world
affairs regarding energy, and future energy. Who rules energy is a matter of
national survival. Just as the very first development of human history began
with Prometheus''fire', the first energy source, we are advancing into the era
of energy revolution once again.