Daniel
Yergin is one of the most influential energy experts and a fantastic author of
America. His book “The Prize: The Epic Quest for oil, Money and Power” became
one of the best seller books worldwide and had also won many reputable awards
like Pulitzer Prize for this which helped him to develop recognizable
reputation in the field of energy. His works and creation on the subject of
energy and geopolitics is bold and impressive. “The Quest: Energy, Security and
the Remaking of the Modern World” is like the second part of his previous book “The
Prize”. He mainly focuses on how development of energy, especially oil takes
place in the past ten years which has caused for the major geopolitical and economical
change along with the power shift through this book.

 

The
author touches wide range of topics and various subjects in this book and illustrates
its impacts globally through telling stories and histories. From oil
exploration to renewable energies, climate changes, new modal of energy like
electric vehicles, wind and many more, he explores almost all the subjects
related to the contemporary energy dynamics. The way he analysis, corelates and
interconnects the historical and geopolitical of oil is remarkable. The most
significant things about his works in this creation is remarkable depth and
width in most of the subjects.

 

            He explains the story that revolves around the energies from
which our history has been laid and the widespread competition around the world
for the new energies in order to change and replace the exiting ones. He talks
about the specific subjects on the alternating energies which are renewable like
wind, solar, biofuel and leads us towards the understanding of revival and
scope of renewable energies in the future’s energy hunt. He highlights and give
examples of the topic like electric vehicles and wind energy as possible energy
model which could determine and shape the future decade. He also talks about
the rise of natural gas. He believes that we should consider all the possible
options and ideas for the different energy sources. Future can not depend only
one source of energy which is crude oil. By having various sources of energy,
it will allow to explore and won’t limit us in terms of energy. He emphasizes more
on efficiency. Thinking of energy that has the potential to have the biggest
impact of all can help to attain higher efficiency and higher efficiency in
every field leads towards the low consumption of the energy.

 

            The author explains how some critical and nuclear power state
are taking integral role for deciding the future of the whole world. The crowded
habitats of the Beijing to the Caspian Sea to the cold war in the Mideast and Silicon
Valley to the other powerful nation are playing integral role in deciding the
energy dynamic of the world. The author also believes that with rapid development
and advancement China will certainly surpass the USA in highest consumption of
the oil in near future which could be one of the factors in shifting the power
change. It even gives more space to historical inflation of the oil around 2000s
which was the effect of high demand and limited sources and hence created the
economic shift. He also talks about may strategic places, events and political
leaders which created shift and unhealthy competition between the powerful
allies.

            He touches the issues on the climate change to a small extent
but cannot be able to go in depth. He talks about the slaughter of many forest
areas in order to produce large number of papers which is irony. Climate change
grows very rapidly and is very harmful and dangerous yet he is failed to
address this issue with some depth. Though he talks about the enforcement of
alternating energy and conservation of the existing energy resources, he fails
to explain the effects of upcoming and potential energy in the environment and
climate.

 

“The
Quest” showcases an astounding range of subjects which tries to make us aware
about the contemporary trends and energies’ cold wars like oil and also
explains the basic ideas and the principle  which will determine the future of global energy
and its way of running or system in its own subtle way in a way to predict the
energy situations and demands in the upcoming years which will have massive
impact on the global economic shift.  The
energy demands and thirst throughout the world has huge impact on the prosperity
of all the nation of the globe, so it requires thoroughly and deeply
recognition and understanding of energy quest in order to solve the problems
ahead in the future. The author knows very well that ‘The age of easy oil is
nearly over’. The inclusion of the Japanese term ‘Mottainai’ indicates how well
he understands the contemporary and future dynamic of energy. This Japanese term
means ‘Too Precious to Waste’. He cites that Japanese save wrapping paper from
gifts to use again and again in order to make us understand that we are now
limited on energy sources and thinks for the various ways of energy for our
dependence.