Having
previously released a Pulitzer Prize-winning craft in 1991, The Prize, Daniel Yergin
sought to expand his narrative on oil, electricity, and energy story. Released
in 2011, Yergin’s second book, The Quest, tells a compelling story inclusive of
all elements critical to the industry’s development, not sparing even of the
most minute of details. The book became an instant best-seller, widely regarded
as a comprehensive guide to the industry and its current ecosystem. This writing
shall address Yergin’s story, highlighting any strengths and weaknesses that
one might have come across while reading this book.

      The
first thing every reader might have noticed not long into the book is that Yergin
composes his narrative in a deeply structured manner, complete with major and
minor players in the industry, led from their beginnings to any crucial point
in history. Short snippets sprinkled throughout the book, containing characters
that have played their parts, piecing the puzzles together to form a complete
overarching story. From mundane characters like H. L. Williams’ pioneering of
offshore drillings, and G. Cabot’s attempt at controlling supply and demand
through natural gas liquefication, to Bin Laden’s terrorist activities targeted
to cause disruption in production lines and the widespread manhunt it triggered
afterward.  Yergin’s commitment to
developing the stories of these characters became the book’s strongest strength
in bridging the various concepts at play and telling a story spanning several
decades-long worths of history. 

      Another
aspect that Yergin has successfully incorporated into The Quest was not only
the depth of the content but also the extent of its coverage. A great manner of
respect was granted to the verticality of the issues covered in the book, as it
encompasses other related topics such as the mechanics behind the emergence of
renewables, the coming of the atomic age, the notion of peak oil, and its
fears, or even climate change. All of these concerns were considered essential
by Yergin, wherein the disregard in any of these factors is detrimental to
achieving energy security. Yergin was also thorough and fearless in his
coverage of the aforementioned issues, using numbers and studies to remove any
potential insecurities that might have been left unanswered. 

      However,
one might find his depth of coverage suspect in certain segments of the story,
especially so when certain parties are involved. While Yergin plays a neutral
tone in his arguments, his impartiality is called into question when he is
talking about the successes of other countries. Details were scant and filled
with worrying notions when nuclear reactors were built in Tehran and Russia,
while the United States’ stories were told in fortunes and cheap energy enjoyed
by her citizens. Conflicts in the middle east subtly introduce uneasiness in
readers' opinions on any nuclear energy being used along with the fear that
they could suddenly one day turn against other countries in their crazed
pursuits. Strong antagonistic elements like hydrogen bombs became the
centerpiece of atomic energy developments in other countries, while the United
States continued to amass nuclear weaponry, but was propped defensible due to
assurance of the mutually assured destruction. It does not help that Yergin
develops his narrative through stories and would not include his own opinion or
closures on the stories he had told. While this lends to his credibility of
being impartial, one can not help but think that perhaps Yergin has purposely
weakened certain parties in his stories to champion his player in his
narrative.

      Conclusively,
The Quest is a comprehensive foundation for what is energy industry known to us
nowadays. It is an entertaining read for any casual readers, a must-read for
anyone looking to understand the sector in its entirety. The book has its
faults, and its limitations on what it could cover, however, one might also
find that the book has achieved its purpose. To tell the story of how energy
has reshaped the modern world.