The Quest: Energy, Security, and the
Remaking of the Modern World

2015310968 JEON JIEUN

 In this book, the author mainly tells a story about how our energy world has been created, how it is transforming, and what it may look like in the future. It evokes the notion of the need for a better environment, and the notion of how people’s concern of carbon and climate could have impact on the energy world. However, the story is not just about energy itself. It is also related to politics, conflicts between nations, competition for resources, and vast shifts in economic fortunes. Thus it can be said that it is a big-scale story about the future of our lifestyles and mostly, “people”. As multiple characters with a variety of occupations appear in the course of narrative, the author emphasizes the importance of creativity and the ability to think in an innovative way.In fact, some of the characters in this book are actual-existing people like President Barack Obama, who insisted the development of electric car industries, and President George W. Bush, who pushed ethanol to be the bio-fuel of next generation. One of the most impressive scenes is where readers are engaged in to the dinner of 1896 with Thomas Edison and Henry Ford, with Edison persuading Ford to focus on gasoline. However there is a twist here, because just a few years later Edison actually starts to devote himself more to the creation of electric cars.What the anecdote above tells us is probably related to the major question of the current world: How will we be able to secure the supply of energy that we can surely rely on? After all, this world is full of threats concerned with politics, natural disasters, and climate change. Not only that, world economy might grow twice as large in just 20 years, and it is still uncertain how the world will manage to fuel that big economy.Energy will continue to be the major issue of geopolitics, and the consequence of China and India emerging as newly industrialized countries is not easy to expect. For all this confusion and uncertainty, this book suggests that the key solution has been (in the history), and will be (in the future) “technology.” Through reading the story we can sense the need for consciousness about the future, and at the same time, confidence to deal with upcoming ever-hectic world. We have to always remember that we retain the most valuable resource: the human creativity, and that it is going to be utilized in an unprecedented global scale.