“Will enough energy be available to meet the needs of a
growing world, and at what cost, and with what technologies?” is the question that the writer brought in the introduction. It was a glimpse of what the book
is going to be about, the future of energy. Before discussing the future, the
writer brought us to review everything energy related happened in history. The
‘story’ for this book starts with how our civilization was built from energy
and ended them with new energies existing, emerging and will continue to exist
in the future. It tackled questions on energy especially coal, electricity, and
natural gas, and relate them to global politics and economic changes. The
overview of this book might look heavy but fret not because the writer managed
to explain each of his points in an easy to understand way. The writer did not
use any flamboyant words and it was clear his main aim was to share the result
of his analysis. He tackled every highly controversial issue with cautious
without taking any sides but instead just stating them in a matter-of-fact way.


For someone whose interest is in
energy and has a good knowledge of energy theoretically, they will find it interesting
to connect their knowledge with the happenings in the world. Meanwhile, for
those whose interest are in politics and economics, they will realise the
importance of energy and how much energy affect the world both directly and
indirectly. 

The book is divided into six parts. Among
them, personally, my favourite is part one, the new world of oil. The writer
managed to fit story from world war 1 until the current modern day and
explained the developments of the oil industry worldwide. As someone, who has
huge interest in world history, this is my first time reading a book telling
the story of important world histories but in the point of view of ‘energy’. I
once wondered why the political turmoil in the middle east seems to never end.
The book gave an insight how the huge amount of oil in the middle east attracted
interests from outside and inside. Which, in the end resulted in political instabilities.
The gulf war is an example of when a country tried to monopolise oil production
to manipulate oil price. Meanwhile, Israel invasion of Palestine and the
support they got from the United States is an extensive effort to push foreign
companies to get a share of middle east oil. But, of course, middle east politics
cannot be defined simply with oil and we need to consider the socio and
geo-political condition too. Nevertheless, one can understand that oil industry
has a huge influence in world’s politics and vice versa.

As expected, climate change, one of
the hottest topics now, are also discussed in the book. Which I would choose as
another favourite part of mine. The writer talked about the research and
politics of climate change. The most memorable part for this subtopic was the
global cooling in which the writer chose to just lay out facts as if he was
telling a story. A couple of international agreement were also discussed in the
book such as the Rio and Kyoto Protocols. 

The downside of the book is its 804
pages. Though this is no theory textbook explaining energy, one shall still consider
committing to this book as this is obviously no harry potter novel where you can
enjoy reading before bed without falling asleep halfway. This is the kind of
book that requires you to take in facts and ponder upon them. However, this
book is not your physics texbook level of complicated. I would say that this
book is suitable for both those who are knowledgeable on energy theoretically but
unfamiliar with global politics, and also those who has vast knowledge in
global politics yet has zero knowledge in energy. In other word, even if you
have a light interest in the topics contained in the book, committing to this
book is not that impossible