The book 'Pride and prejudice' implies a deep contemplation toward pride and bias that often lead people to misunderstand each other or make some problems with people. Ms. Elizabeth and Ms. Jane are sisters and they are both in their optimal age to marry. One day, two men visited the village and Jane fell in love with one of the men, named Mr. Bingley. However, due to Jane's timid and introverted personality she determines to conceal her feeling and think more carefully whether to tell her emotion to Bingley or not. On the other hand, Jane's younger sister, Ms. Elizabeth is an extroverted person who does not care about old conventions and who is lively and full of wit. Elizabeth's first impression regarding the other man in the book, Mr. Darcy, was extremely negative because Darcy acted arrogantly at the first place and he had a strong sense of pride. Elizabeth defined Darcy as a haughty man; however, as time passed by Darcy noticed that he had fell in love with the woman who is active and cheerful, Elizabeth. Darcy, however, could not make the relationship with Elizabeth deeper as Elizabeth's mother and her three younger sisters were acting foolishly and he decided to leave the town. His friend, Bingley also determined to come out from the region as he lost his confidence whether he could get a love from Jane or not. Afterward, Darcy made up his mind to propose Elizabeth without considering any of the circumstances or barriers such as the gap of the classes. At first, Elizabeth declined his proposal of marriage because she could not get rid of her prejudice toward him; however, after meeting with two different men, Mr.Collins and Mr.Wickham, Elizabeth realized that the first impression of someone is not the whole aspect of that person. She eliminates her bias she had toward Darcy and eventually she accepts the proposal. Seemingly, it seems that Darcy had a great change in his attitude and a way of thinking as he fell in love with Elizabeth compared to the beginning of the story. However, in my point of view it seems that Elizabeth is the one who experienced a huge change. The reason why Darcy seems to be more friendly and well-mannered in the latter half of the book is actually because Elizabeth deleted her biases toward Darcy.