Death of Mrs. Mallard,
Birth of Louise

 

             The Story of an Hour by Kate Chopin is notable for
containing feminist factors told in an omniscient point of view. To give a
brief summary of the novel, The Story of
an Hour begins with Mrs. Mallard who has a problem in her heart. Unlike
most people who lost their spouse, Mrs. Mallard accepted her husband’s death.
She was in a condition of sadness, but she quickly grows out of that emotion.
After grieving for her husband’s death, Mrs. Mallard’s goes through an
unconscious spiritual awakening that changes her from a passive, naive woman
that society demanded to an independent woman who desires freedom. There are
many factors in this novel that shows its feminist character, but I want to
focus on two factors which are the open window, and the name of the characters.

             First,
the open window plays the most significant role in Louise Mallard’s awakening.
It directly affected Louise Mallard to feel freedom, independence, and to think
outside of the social conventions. To Louise, her own room with the window open
unlike the dining room allowed her own privacy where people could not see her.
“Contrasted to the things down to the ground that stand for the conventional
reality of the patriarchal society, there are the nature of spring that are
symbolically pregnant with a potential new life outside the open window”
(Wang). By calmly staring outside at spring nature having new lives made Louise
happy and unconsciously influenced her thoughts and desire to be free. These
eventually led her to feel joy without worrying if ‘these thoughts’ will be
accepted in the patriarchal society. Therefore, the open window is a crucial
factor since it plays a major role in Louise’s growth femininely. 

             Second,
the names of the characters are another factor that I want to talk about. As
stated in the first sentence of The Story
of an Hour, “Knowing that Mrs. Mallard was afflicted with a heart trouble,
great care was taken to break to her as gently as possible the news of her
husband’s death” (Chopin) includes the fact that the main character’s name,
Louise Mallard, is written as Mrs. Mallard to state whose wife it is, and not
by her own first name. “It means Brent Mallard not only firmly grips Louise’s
life but also tightly controls Louise’s fate by plundering and laying waste of
her freedom and self-identity (Wan). Even in the story, Louise’s first name
first comes out when her sister Josephine calls Louise by her first name. This
means Louise Mallard was not awaken until her sister calls her by her own name.
By this we can find out the relationship between Brent Mallard and Louise
Mallard, that the wife is held by the husband like a possession during the
period of this novel. In the way her name changes from Mrs. Mallard to Louise,
the writer shows a dramatic change in realization of feminism. 

             However,
there are still some questions that remain about the death of Louise Mallard.
Some think it was the best result for women at that time after the sudden
death, Mrs. Mallard gains the eternal spiritual freedom and to some extent, she
is not tragic and has taken fate in her own hands, making the supreme mastery
over her destiny (Wan). All in all, factors like the open window, and the
change in name of the character shows the growth in Louise and the awareness of
the author Kate Chopin.

Work Cited

Wan, Xuding. "Feminine
Self-Assertion in "The Story of an Hour"." N.p., n.d. Web.

Chopin, Kate, and Kate
Chopin. The story of an hour. Logan, IA: Perfection Learning, 2001.