Fanny of Mansfield Park, the Socratic Figure of Jane Austen

A story of a timid girl
becoming lady of a gentleman “with so much true merit and true love, and no want
of fortune or friends,” (Austen 321) clearly sounds like a typical Cinderella
story. Even though our Fanny Price, the heroine of Mansfield Park, follows the path, the novel seems peculiarly
unattractive. Some like C.S. Lewis and Reginald Farrer might find Fanny Price from
Jane Austen’s Mansfield Park only “insipid”
and “priggish” (qtd. in Burton). It is true that she is not adventurous or
outgoing figure; however, if carefully appreciated, the novel may spark more
and Fanny’s life depicted in the novel would reveal the way to live on in the
polarized world of today that is “polytheism” in Weber’s expression (66).
Distinguished from other characters, Fanny Price reveals her image as a
Socrates of Mansfield teaching us another lifestyle.

To start with, her story
shall not be miscomprehended even though some critics describe Mansfield Park boring and too plain or
didactic. Surly there are other views. Some understand the book itself more
politically intriguing masterpiece as “subversive” story or “revolution[ary]”
(Burton; Johnson 475) whereas the whole story could be deciphered that the idea
of British tradition is enshrined in it (Duckworth 434). Those diverting ideas
does not only root from different interpretation of various political views but
rather internally developed. In accordance, Litvak presents another perspective
that the story is not that simply “equivocal” but contains “instability” (476).
Simply summarized, this book could be potentially more intriguing than it reads
at first.

Although the whole story
may not be so obvious, Fanny is often symbolized as a strict moralist and
excessively passive since all that she does is opposite to act. Nevertheless,
her passiveness supersedes others’ activeness, and it is possible to conclude
that she is actually quite vibrant not merely “timid and shy” (Austen 11). For
instances, she is the only productive and diligent figure among Mansfield
family members – Miss Bertrams and Mr. Bertrams do not seem to produce anything
in the same sense as Fanny does great service to them; Sir Thomas is not really
laboring. Moreover, though she possesses nothing, she is generous and
thoughtful enough to yield her sole joy, horse-riding, to Mary Crawford. Additionally,
she was so wise that she could see through other characters, seeing vices from
Crawfords that nobody notices. Furthermore, she is a brave girl who
unflinchingly stood against all reprimander from Mrs. Norris and her young
cousins in order to protect her thought against the play Lover’s Vow. Hence, indeed, Fanny works quite busy physically,
emotionally and intellectually, and the process is meticulously displayed
throughout the novel consistently.

Discussion regarding
Fanny’s activeness so far may look like an express to Johnson’s revolutionary
interpretation of this novel. Nonetheless, Fanny seems to trace after slightly
different and rather minor path instead of the feminism in the eighteenth
century which derived from the Romantic Movement. Where Fanny arrives at last –
“their home was the home of affection and comfort; and to complete the picture
of good, the acquisition of Mansfield living” (Austen 321) –  would  not be expected from their logic. It seems
that Fanny Price refuses to follow extreme rebels of the time. She fairly
retains her properties of being upright and rigid in moral issues which do not
subvert the current system but advocate. In brief, she desired to preserve
those conventional values. In this sense she even looks like propaganda of
puritans.

As two contradictory
interpretations could validate themselves sensibly, Fanny Price could not be
grasped uniformly; otherwise, we may fall in confusion as Mary Crawford is “puzzled”
(Austen 36). Those remarks, regarding her tributes as “stupidity”, which are “sneered
at” by maids and denounced as  “ungrateful”
or “ingratitude” (Austen 15, 13, 103, 216), 
grounds on superficial understanding. In fact, Fanny shows the strongest
mind in the novel as she rejects to surrender to Sir Thomas’s gratitude. While
she notifies irrationality of the ruling hypocrites, Fanny Price abides by the
English customs, not only just talking but following and internalizing them.
This self-contradiction might not be the one that is expected from the other
Romantic feminists. She looks beyond more than phenomenal malfunctions of conventional
principles, and chose a bit different way from activists as she puts “[i]f you
only want me as a listener, cousin, I will be as useful as I can; but I am not qualified
for an adviser . . . I am not competent” (Austen 184). In short, she examines
instead of improve or innovate as a qualified philosopher would do.

The way to understand her
life more properly would be philosophical; like the owl of Minerva, Fanny flies
at different time and direction. Fanny Price has been fortunate enough to
attain time for reflection with thanks to her circumstances banished to an attic
as a marginal alien and her introvert personality so that she later
demonstrates “independence of spirit” (Austen 216). In contrast, the other ‘main’
characters represent various common paths of life: Jane Austen describes Lady
Bertram for blinded compliance as she complies to her family and surrounding
people’s advices (5, 16), Mrs. Norris for compromise as she obeys to ruling
class to parasite and obtain her own interest in “economy” (9), Mrs. Price for
defiance as she runs away to “disoblige her family” (5); Maria as unfortunate and
spoiled one and Julia for lucky one due to “a favourable difference of
disposition and circumstance” (316); Tom as near-sighted and selfish debauchery
who received too much power over family (90) and Edmund as kind but simple and naïve
believer who cannot “give up” illusions (286); Sir Thomas as “deceptive” and repressive
hypocrites (Johnson 462) and Crawfords as “evil” and “easily tempted” figures
with new earthly value of materialism seeking “mak[ing] the fortune” and “spending
it” (184, 158, 233, 44). Although Fanny admits that Edmund “taught [her] to
think and feel on the subject”, she exceeds her cousin (Austen 81).

The novel does not
specifically mention or elaborate her philosophical quality outstandingly, yet
her stubborn belief is relatively explicitly narrated in her incessant refusals
against several temptations. First, the most evident one is Henry’s. She politely
but resolutely turns down Henry’s propose of marriage although he had good
voice, acting and confidence with real power that promoted her dearest William
Price. Then, she successfully defends herself against Sir Thomas Bertram’s
offense. Later, Edmund with preposterous blunder in understanding of his low-graded
poor cousin tries to persuade Fanny, but she does not alter her judgment.
Besides, in spite of Lady Bertram’s first and last advice saying that it is a “duty
to accept such a very unexceptionable offer” (Austen 226) and Mrs. Norris’s
contempt and “bitterly angry” reproaches, she saves her mind. Even if Sir
Thomas’s cunning prescription of sending her back to poor home (Austen 250) and
Mary’s tête-à-tête letters soothing her to some degree while she was back in
Portsmouth, her eyes are not blinded. 

Not only marriage, the
goal life for eighteenth century females, she also keeps her ideals in other
scenes. Another exemplary anecdote is displayed in acting episode. The braveness
and intelligence can be observed in her disputes over acting with other
superior figures. Again she is not swayed by Tom or Edmund, bucks against Mrs.
Norris’s condemnation of “obstinate[ness]” and “ungrateful[ness],” rather she
is “not unamused to observe the selfishness which, more or less disguised,
seemed to govern them all, and wondering how it would end” (Austen 103, 89). Though
she relies upon Sir Thomas, she does not just believe in him. She denies so
that she may fall in pensive reflection on her action later in her room (Austen
107). In sum, Fanny penetrated all those constant shakings from outside and
maintained her conscience.

Along with her
philosophical battles with other opinions, sometimes her virtues were praised
verbally. Though her status started quite low and discriminatively as “not a
Miss Bertram,” soon she proves that she is “little trouble,” and later they
accept that “she is now quite as necessary to us” (Austen  10, 15, 195).
After Sir Thomas’s return from Antigua, “at home did her value increase,” and
finally others begin to treat “her like her cousins” (Austen 141, 189). In addition, her value is confirmed by
Edmund, too. Uniquely, Edmund commends as following at the first ball in Fanny’s
life: “It is a lovely night, and they are much to be pitied who have not been
taught to feel in some degree as you [who is Fanny] do – who have not at least
been given a taste for nature in early life. They lose a great deal” (Austen
81). The attic of Fanny, “nest of comforts” also provides her with consideration
time, and instead of being immersed into worldly attractions she could appreciate
the nature and night sky’s stars (Austen 107, 58, 80). Thus, her passive
personality should be comprehended as more active and vigorous in terms of
philosophical examination on the world and herself.

Still, one might raise an
allegation against Fanny that the little heroine eventually fails to impel her
philosophy to the end as the last chapter of novel clearly conveys preservation
of traditional regime that is evidently regarded as oppressive and
contradictory as Johnson points out in her essay. Briefly speaking, the end of
story would satisfy the privileged class of male society not Mary
Wollstonecraft since Fanny ultimately remains within the current system of England,
the idea of family-state, father for king. The idea is intrinsically oppressive
and anti-feminist due to its deep connection to gender discriminative
patriarchy, stipulated in the theory of hierarchical beings by Plato, Aristotle
and St. Paul (Kang et al. 93-95). It is true that she never refutes directly or
rebels like French; however, that does not mean that she infringes her
conscience and moral principles. Actually, more than anyone, Fanny
enthusiastically investigates them and practices them. The uncommon lifestyle
that might appear as a hesitation and inferior confidence is in fact the way of
self-reflection and anti-dogmatism. What she does is not direct opposition and
reformation of the world but to question those grave words which are imposed on
her from outside in order to capsulate the essence beyond the superficial wordings.

What we, the readers,
should have solved from this confounding story is her paradoxical life that
seemingly breaks the customary principles in fact becomes the only life that
fulfills in protecting and preserving them. She is the philosopher in Mansfield
who broke the rules to keep the rules like Socrates died instead of escaping
his death even though his friend recommended so (Lee 254). Because humans
cannot halt time’s passing, one must live on based on whatsoever he or she has
in hand; however, the conventional morals, the criteria of our life, always
remain opaque and uncertain. Therefore, all individuals should question their
own behaviors and judgment afterwards not worship them as absolute and final.
This may result in life with “repeated regrets after constant reflection” (Lee
232), yet unavoidable. The true meaning of being moral is not just to obey. Then
what is moral is defined by whether the actor is moral or not. It is observed
as constant denials against codes of conduct that is shifting the attention from
how to why. Robot-like rote practices do not suffice, but one should have “morality”
in mind to live not only morally but also ethically. The ethical questions our
past deeds rather than technical engineering of our future plans.

If not given adequate
emphasis, her secret role as a Socrates could be easily neglected since the
story leaves misleading hints not just because the novel sounds quite boring at
first but because it is devised so. Even Fanny herself contributes her virtues
to Edmund, saying that “You taught me
to think and feel on the subject, cousin;” however, in fact she is not at the
similar or inferior level compared to Edmund (Austen 81). She speaks out that “[t]here’s
Arcturus looking very bright” while Edmund was looking for “Cassiopeia” at the night
of ball (Austen 81). The former and Bears stay standstill and perform the guide
for navigators but the latter refers to beautiful appearance, and this pair resonates
with the Form and the appearance. Indeed Fanny Price played an important role
by standing against the world and work on her own experiences.
              Like Fanny Price, in
modern days, people encounter so many values, rules and advices; some of modern
thoughts provoke people to be an extreme religious fundamentalists or mundane
materialists. Some might lament on the fact that our days have lost morality
and ethics by which one must abide. While some may advocate extreme relativism
or extreme fundamentalism to this chaotic world for cure, after consultation
with Fanny Price, definitely, it approaches that our duty is to ‘question,
examine and reflect,’ not simple trust like Edmund, blindness like Lady, compromise
like Mrs. Norris, obedience like Miss Bertrams or destructive rebellion like
Crawfords. Little options are given to human like Fanny since humans have no
choice but to live on with defects and make mistakes, but because of the fact,
it becomes our duty to consistently question others’ words and our acting. At
last we, as descendants of Socrates, along with “Fanny . . . must have been
happy in spite of every thing” (Austen 321), and readers owed a chicken to her.*이 글은 영어회화및작문에서 과제로 제출됨.