Emily
Complex

 

A
rose for Emily by William Faulkner begins with a
funeral of Emily. People in small town all gathered to sorrow the death of
Emily who was the only remain person from the great time of southern part of America.
By gathering, they started to reminisce Emily. In reminiscence, Emily gradually
became monument not normal woman with the effect of how town people act in
externally, and how she think internally. After the death of Emily’s father, town
people understood of Emily being psycho. By building sympathy why Emily is
acting crazy, they began to understand Emily buying poison and refusing to pay
tax. Emily had an opportunity to get back to normal life by meeting Homer
Barron, but because he was homo-sexual, it didn’t work well. After funeral, all
the town people went to the house of Emily where they did not visit for long
time and they found corpse of Homer Barron in room made up as pinkish room of
new-married couple. There are many questions remained unsolved like “Why Emily
killed Homer Barron”, “Who rose, not other flower”. These questions all are
related with mental problem of Emily, Electra complex and necrophilia appeared
to both Emily and Town people.

Two main psychopathy appeared in Emily, Electra
complex and Necrophilia. First psychopathy is Electra complex; the relationship
between daughter and father, concept of oedipal complex. Oedipal complex is the
son love his father irregularly and sexually. The writer, Faulkner slightly
describe this by Emily’s abnormal respond to the dead body of her father. She
does not want to give up on his body and disbelief of his death. Emily was
possessed by an unresolved oedipal complex, here libidinal desires for her
father were transferred, after his death, to a male surrogate- Homer Barron (Scherting Jack). Emily’s father and Homer Barron
have similarities, like both are strong man. Therefore, we can possibly assume
that the hope to remain her father even though it was dead, exactly moved to
Homer Barron. Just like her dad, Emily want to possess that man not caring of
whether he was dead or not. Second psychopathy affected Emily to kill Homer
Barron is necrophilia. This necrophilia was actually appeared in both town
people and Emily, plus town people affected Emily for this mental disease. For
being last person out of all prestigious families, her father pressured her
life and town people have some sort of expectations for her. She should be
special, not like other normal person. By entering a love affair with Homer
Barron, Emily briefly rebelled against southern values and the expectation
toward her. Then, by ending her affair with him, at least as far as the
townspeople were concerned, she conformed again to those values (Dilworth
Thomas). It means that to satisfy both her and her town people, Emily had to kill
Homer Barron. Eventually to Emily, by having corpse of him, she secured
anticipation of town people and her love. This is why I think necrophilia of
Emily was influenced by town people. 

For lastly, the question why the flower
has to be “rose”, not other flowers could also be explained with necrophilia. It
might be a condolence toward the youth of woman, Emily who could not be a
normal and see the world peculiar. We cannot, of course, totally understand the
life of Emily, or the motive why Emily decided to kill Homer Barron just by
knowing these psychopathy. However, it can make us to think more carefully
about this act, not just regarding this as an immoral crime. Work
cited

Emily Grierson's Oedipus Complex: Motif, Motive, and Meaning in
Faulkner's "A Rose for Emily". Scherting, Jack/Studies in Short Fiction; Newberry,
S.C.17.4:397 , Fall 1980. Web. 12 June 2017A Romance to Kill for: Homicidal Complicity in Faulkner's
"A Rose for Emily" . Dilworth, Thomas. Studies in Short Fiction; Newberry,
S.C.36.3: 251, Summer 1999. Web. 11 June 2017.