Greed
and money are important in The Maltese Falcon
because it acts as the main motivation for those characters to behave. Greed
and money are obviously goals for them. I do agree that it is good to live with
appropriate goals. It allows one to have a will and lead his or her own life
instead of living a dull life. But what if the processes of achieving goals is
not morally right? If one uses people as a tool in the process, throws away the
universal values, and damages others, is that the right goal? The author, Hammet,
is presenting The Maltese Falcon to
teach us what the false goal pursuit can lead to, and to prompt the reader to
think about it.

Brigid
O’Shaughnessy, Casper Gutman, Joel Cairo, Wilmer Cook, and Floyd Thursby, all but
Sam Spade, look for money. Their greed for the large fortune of the falcon statue
brings them to the wrong end. Murder is the prime example. The cause of the
death of the innocent Miles Archer was greed of the liar, O’Shaughnessy. And it
was also the greed for money that kills Thursby, who was once part of the
Gutman “family”. The desire, or we can say greed, to get hold of the maltese falcon
has blinded people in the book.

The
characters also throw away their faith in humans just for money. This is confirmed
in the scene in which Gutman gives Wilmer Cook saying "You can have him."(213)
in the 18 chapters when Spade tells him that they need someone to be a
scapegoat for the police. He simply betrayed Wilmer’s labor to get the falcon
statue, and his faith in him and sacrifices just for his own well-being. It is actually
a violation of Kant's insistence on treating all human beings for purpose
rather than for means. Gutman treated Wilmer like a tool to achieve his greedy
goal. He pays for this with his own meaningless death. The fact that Gutman
himself, who has been using a lot of tricks and falsehoods for 17 years just to
find the falcon statue, dies after being misled, implies that people should be
ahead of other values. Hammet is teaching us the lesson from this episode.

Lastly
in this book, greed shows a person's duplicity. Cairo is the epitome of this. As
soon as he finds out that the statue is fake, he curses at Gutman, screaming
"You fat fool! You imbecile! You bloated idiot! "(232). However when
Gutman says he would keep on the “adventure” to find the statue, Cairo immediately
tries to comply. We could see it even in the movie. He was willing to lower his
head again to the one who just swore as if he had ruined his life if it’s for
the money. Our well-trained actress, O’Shaughnessy is also a good example of
two-faced person. When Spade says to cut out the acting, she laughs and says "Very
well, then, Mr. Spade, I'm not at all the sort of person I pretend to be. So
you won't expect me to drop it entirely, will you?"(58). She admits that
she was acting like a school girl to get his help for her own sake. From this,
we can see how dual people can be in order to achieve their greed.

Money
and greed are the causes of the characters ' actions in this book. Also
motivations, and goals. It was possible for the characters to ' work hard ' for
the goal, but their methods were very wrong. Hammet sends a message through The Maltese Falcon saying that living
with a goal that suits your greed can make a positive life possible, but it
should be achieved in a right way.