When comparing Double Indemnity, The Maltese Falcon and The
Big Sleep, the most intuitive part is ‘the male characters’ attitude toward
female’. In Double Indemnity, we can
tell how hard Walter Huff was shaken by Mrs. Nirdlinger when they met for the
first time by him saying “I got in the car bawling myself out for being a fool
just because a woman had given me one sidelong look”(5, Double Indemnity). . Almost all of the motivations of his actions
are women as the story comes along. In the latter half, Mrs. Nirdlinger’s role is
followed by a loving feeling for Lola Nirdlinger, who greatly affects the
behavior of Walter Huff. On the other hand, male characters in other two books show
different aspects.

               That's
the last scene in The Maltese Falcon.
To Brigid O'Shaughnessy, who confesses love and denies the situation, Sam Spade
says “I won’t play the sap for you”(243, The
Maltese Falcon) firmly and explains why he has to hand her over to the
police in a quiet tone. He is consistent in a cynical attitude toward her love
just like the sharing of emotions and physical relationships between them was
all just for fun. It can be also found on The
Big Sleep, too. Philip Marlowe tells Vivian Regan who try to get him with
her coquettish temptation, “I always wear my rubbers in bed myself, in case I
wake up with a bad conscience and have to sneak away from it”(83, The Big Sleep). It might have hurt her feelings
because of the fact that she believed she could seduce him with her physical
temptation but she fell to do so, but Philip Marlowe focused on doing what he
has to get done and didn't pay much attention to anything else. I thought that
was possible because he was satisfied with his own life. We can figure it out
when Philip and Vivian had a conversation and he says “I didn’t mind that. I
didn’t mind what she called me, what anybody called me. (…) Not much; a few
books, pictures, radio, chessmen, old letters, stuff like that. Nothing. Such
as they were they had all my memories”(85, The
Big Sleep). In these two books, the male characters has never been ruined
by external interference, especially by women, while focusing only on
performing his duties. In Double
Indemnity, however, Walter Huff behaves indisputably enough to join the
murder plan proposed by a total stranger, just because she was attractive. We
can say that this is not because of that woman's powerful temptation, but
rather because of the desire of escaping from a dull life and excitement of
doing what was only thinking inside own mind. However, it is clear that money
and Phyllis were part of that purpose.

               The
next difference is ‘the ending’. Both Sam Spade and Philip Marlowe are not a person
of justice, not a hero, but a man who sometimes risks his life for his work but
without a sense of duty. In other words, they are more like romantic cynics
with a brilliant brain who laugh at the world and life itself. Compare to them
Walter Huff is more realistic. This means that he is an ordinary person. Sam
Spade, who is not swayed at all by the police's suspicions, always acts like he
can see everything through it, and is free in times of emergency, solves the
case and redeems his honor. It's a pity that he couldn’t get to stay with the
woman he liked, but I’m sure it wouldn't matter much to him since he still get
Iva. At the very end, he says “Well, let her in”(247, The Maltese Falcon) and we can tell that he has returned to his
original routine after all the incidents and happenings. It’s same for Philip
Marlowe. He solved all the clues of the case, and still he shows some regrets
by saying that the alcohol bring backs ‘silver-wig’ and “I never saw her
again”(120, The Big sleep), however,
he’s fine himself. 

               In
contrast, Walter Huff faces a tragic ending of suicide with Phyllis. It is not presented
directly, but it can be figured out when he says ‘She looks like what came
aboard the ship to shoot dice for souls in the Rime of the Ancient Mariner.’(70,
Double Indemnity) and ‘The moon’ at
the very end. This is the result of an ordinary man being led away from the
monotonous routine and attracted by an attractive woman. Since he is not as
smart as the preceding characters or good in dealing with people, he could not
hide his crime properly and ended up having such tragic consequences. It was
perhaps a proper ending for the dark side of man and greed, and an
inappropriate love affair.

               Through
the class, I could feel charms of hard-boiled genre. In particular, I liked how
both films and books described the lonely characters portrayed the shaking
between desire and guilt and the extreme actions that appeared to be the
reaction for that. Furthermore, the descriptions of the scene when the
characters desires collided were impressive. This led to a question of what was
the motivation  for the behaviors and
what happened before making the decisions, and I realized that all three books
share one similarity that women's explanations of the past are too
insufficient. There was a strong feeling that women were characters who were
simply set up just for the plot. Especially in the case of Phyllis, there was a
question of why she was so obsessed with money that he didn't mind killing. Was
she born in a poor family? Was there any trauma of domestic violence that has
caused disgust for the man in her mind so that she wants to kill man for money?
This seemed to me like the writer felt no more need for further explanation for
the female character than leaving interpretable room for the reader. This is
also true of the Brigid O'Shaughnessy case. There was little background that what
led her to confront men with her sixth sense of charm and chase money even
risking her life. And in the case of Lola Nirdlinger, I understand that she is
a character created to set up against Phyllis. But she was consumed as a simple
metaphor for the remaining conscience of Walter Huff after the murder that
leads him to more morally right decision. So his falling in love with Lola felt
a little bit artificial. It was regrettable that the social position of women
at that time was reflected in the book.