Daniel Yergin is an American author, speaker, energy expert, and economic historian. His book, ‘The Quest’ had interesting aspects in the way he spoke of oil, energy, the economy, and even international relations. I felt that he spoke about a lot of things in one book. He starts off by mentioning the collapse of the Soviet Union and their oil resources.  Interestingly enough, he uses oil as a market, a business. Nergin does so by referring to Soviet’s oil loss as being loaded with ageing infrastructure (26). It is here where he examines how the quest for oil has been essential to domestic and international tactics and politics in the past century. Oil's stature as a critical asset evolves from its market as a means for transportation.  In other words, policies that either develop oil supply or restrain will not reduce oil's strategic importance.  He mentions that the increase in oil prices from the past century is a result of bewilderment from demand that derived from Asia. 
Yergin speaks of the tsunami incident in Japan that caused the biggest nuclear accident since the explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Soviet Ukraine. He compares the occurrence to the protest in Sidi Bouzid that led to the global oil price in response to the loss of petroleum exports from Libya. He speaks of how natural resources came to influence the world's economy along with technology that made the conversion of crude oil into marketing products possible. The way I see it, the advancement of technology has both blessed and cursed us. The early chapters acknowledge the organization of oil companies and the adjustment of governments and nations along and how it ended in profits and peril. Yergin goes into detail on how oil played a major role in the effects of two world wars, before turning to the regions of the significance it had on international affairs during the Cold War. He examines engagement and conflict in the Middle East as well.

All of these episodes led to the puzzlement about just how significant energy is to the world. Nergin poses a question for the readers in the book (2) “Will enough energy be available to meet the needs of a growing world at what cost and with what technologies?”, I have my doubts on this question. It is not completely impossible, but the demand is too high. The world relies on more energy as the population increases. The demand for the rise of energy is growing but the world in itself, its form, cannot change. The book leaves one to ponder how environmental concerns may affect our environment.  The answer is obvious, these concerns leave room for global warming, water pollution, air pollution, agriculture, and can even be harmful to animals. Heating and cooling our homes and cars, turning the light switches in office buildings, driving cars and producing the products we use on a daily basis all require energy. Simply put, we are going to need more. In the United States alone, energy consumption is expected to rise over the next two decades. As coal, oil, and natural gas progresses, fossil fuels seemed to have declined. Fossil fuels are vital in the advancement of industrialism. This only means that the decline in the vacancy and net energy of oil will highly influence diverse areas of society such as the economy, food, transportation, public health, and the environment. The book delves into the international affairs of oil &amp; gas, including the Middle East, Russia and the previous Soviet states.  Not only did that make it intriguing, but it helped me grasp a better understanding of the oil industry and just how much it affects the economy (146). He moves on with how oil products have revamped human expectations. Basically, oil has been the core energy source in which it has paved the life of the society we currently live in. Such examples are automobiles, plastics, and chemicals. 

 

On the topic of vehicles (180), logically, as gasoline prices skyrocketed, car sales took a turn for the worse. Though the difference lies in developed countries and those that are less developed because a lot of the prices were from the money of tax payers. Yergin observes how global energy demand will be met in a period that promises economic growth. He describes the basics of supply and demand, the obstacles in the oil industry and the electric power sector, along with the problems to reduce greenhouse gas diffusion. Yergin's perspective on energy stems from the popular idea of the petroleum industry. Unlike a lot of people including myself, he is not distressed or bothered from the thought that the world is lacking oil. Contrary to popular belief, he has confidence in the oil and natural gas such as shale gas.  

He has his doubts in subsidies for transportation fuels like liquid, gas, or electric and is unsure as of now but does not completely debunk them. Yergin is more so on the natural scale as he commends natural gas and states why they are superior than the others by noting that they are cleaner than coal and can be produced and transported easily. I also agree that natural gas may be an alternative because it is a clean energy subsidy. The energy source is equipped directly to the pipeline system and  it is not necessary to no need to keep oil in tanks, or organize oil deliveries. There is enough supply of domestic natural gas. Over half of the oil used is imported whereas natural gas is reliable for its abundant supply. The pipeline system cannot be damaged easily by the weather. It is known to burn more cleanly than other fossil fuels, diffusing lower levels of toxic discharge such as carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and nitrous oxides. It creates less greenhouse gases than other fossil fuels and does not produce ash that may be harmful to our health. It is also ample and generally inexpensive. 

In many ways this could be a difficult book to take in because it covers so many different areas in Yergin’s interests and captivations. Nergin had made this book as if it were several. It starts off with the banishment of the Iraqi forces and the unavoidable collapse of the Soviet Union. It inquiries into the complicated world of the oil industry. It was an eye opener in which it had detailed explanations of just how the oil industry affects us economically and how we are running out of energy, petroleum. It leaves me anxious for the goodness of our planet but leaves hope for the future of natural gases.