For the entirety of my life, the concept of “quantum
physics” was too challenging for me to understand. Not only was science already
difficult for me, but also I didn’t even know the definition of quantum and how it
was used in science. I just assumed it was a more integrated part of deeper,
more concentrated scientific areas and that it was going to be irrelevant in my
life. However, after taking the class and reading the book, I had the
impression that quantum physics was in my life all along, hidden in my blind
spots. 

           We
all learn science from a young age, since it’s a required field in any
education. Surely, we’ve all heard about quantum, but didn’t really give it a
thought. However, it turned out that quantum was integrated in the science
classes we have learned from a young age, although invisible to us. While
reading the history of quantum physics chapter, I toppled upon familiar names –
Einstein, Planck, Curie, Newton, Rutherford and such. Never did I imagine them being
related to quantum physics. It seemed like throughout the history of science,
in areas we couldn’t imagine, quantum had a rather long history of development until
its status as a crucial area today. 

           Another
chapter that captured my attention was the one about language and reality in
modern physics. The chapter draws several comparisons between language and modern
physics. For example, Heisenberg provides examples with words and concept and
how the misunderstanding and uncertainty of them in some situations are closely
related to the scientific language. There is also mention that Greek philosophy
dating all the way back to Aristotle and Plato’s time have created a basis for
scientific language. Additionally, Goethe’s Faust stresses the importance of unambiguity
and logical patterns in language and this further helps explore modern physics.
We use language to visualize concepts in science that cannot be seen in the
naked eye.

           So,
after reading a book about modern physics that explains the concepts through
other areas of study, what conclusion did I come to about quantum physics in my
life? I came to realize that I knew nearly nothing about quantum physics. I
knew nothing about its history, its development and how crucial it is for us. Quantum
physics allows us to see the smaller details in scientific concepts and maps, so
we can see the bigger picture of science. Quantum physics for me is a bridge to
understand ourselves better than we currently do. It will allow us to take huge
leaps into future scientific developments that will affect us. 

           After
reading the book, I felt that it was more of a guideline than a simple
description and definition of modern physics. The book was well-written in a
way that made me, a person with a very clouded perspective on science,
understand concepts I had difficulty with. By connecting quantum physics and
modern physics with other areas, such as language, philosophy and ways of
thinking, I realized that concepts explaining physics can also be applied in
the way we think in our daily lives. I feel like it was a genuine guidebook and
I know I will have an easier time understanding concepts.