ᅟ"Physics and beyond" is a book illustrated by Heisenberg which talks about his history and accomplishments throughout his quest in the topic of quantum mechanics. The main topics that were discussed was about the uncertainy principles. His main argument was that it was impossible to determine the exact positions of both particles. This book was different from most science books. It did mention difficult mechanical words, theories and hard concepts, however it talked about mostly about his life and events that happened while he was part of the first half of the 20th century. Not only does this book mention about Heisenberg, but it also compares different famous scientists like Einstein and Bohr. After reading this book, I decided to focus mostly on the attitutes of Heisenberg after his many successes.       I was surprised and astonished with their theories and imaginations, and how different theories of each scientists created a big picture of the quantum world. however, I was more interested in the personal background of these famous scientists and their behavior toward their strong knowledge about the micro-world. The word that came up in my mind was morality and the world humble. When Hitler came to power in 1933, Heisenberg was involved in the Nuclear project in Germany. However, didn't believe that the bomb would be successful because of the complexity of the project. However, after the United States succeeded in making the nuclear, he became very defensive about this issue. He knew then that the capabilities of physics world wide was something severe and something that should not be underestimated. Heisenberg was a talented man since his youth. The impact of his unquestionable works even lead him to become the first youngest professor at Leipzig.       The lesson I learned from this book was the power of knowledge and its impact in the world. After creating the nuclear bomb, not only Heisenberg, but many scientists who were involved in this project knew the kind of destruction they have created. The feeling of fear and regret in most of them is what surprised me most. Not only the nuclear bomb, but their findings of the atom and the uncertainty principle, the matrix mechanics which advanced mathematics, all of their accomplishments was not to recieve an applause or acknowledgment. Instead, it was their personal curiousity which lead them to their success. Curiousity which motivated them to search for more is what gained my respect. Heisenberg, Einstein, Bohr, and many more physists truly made a legacy which helped the world to reach where it is at today and will be the building blocks for future generations.