When starting on this book, it is
important to keep in mind that Heisenberg is not going to educate us about the
explicit theories found in quantum mechanics. Instead, with prior knowledge to
quantum physics in classical and modern aspect, he guides us through the book
with a deep historical context. It seems to me that his approach here seems to
be strongly on his interpretations to quantum mechanics more than anything else.
Hence, while reading this book, I was immensely confused yet intrigued by his
explanations. Heisenberg goes a step further by acknowledging quantum mechanics
in a way of informing our perception of reality. According to Heisenberg, the
theological debate on Reformation is plainly exhausting. And so, re-establishing
and emerging the interest in natural world, he puts an emphasis on this matter.
Whilst the Bible is just a source for verification of God’s existence, Nature on
the other hand, is more expressive and reliable with divinity. Through
consistent logic, evidence and facts, Heisenberg proves the theories of quantum
mechanics and intentionally breaks our notion of reality. In that sense, I agree
to a certain degree, but I cannot ignore the fact that his arguments were
concluded and written solely in his time. Heisenberg ends his book by
reflecting on political situations in which modern advances of physics has discovered.
The main purpose in here is the creation of Atom Bomb, which unfortunately lead
to disastrous wars. Although this concern may be obsolete, Bombs have been causing
devastating effects on traditional societies. Through this acknowledgement,
Heisenberg is addressing the consequences in which us societies cannot ignore, especially
in contemporary conditions.   

One amazing thing that I got to realize is
the effect of quantum physics in our lives. Without all these incredible principles
of quantum, we wouldn’t have been able to enjoy the benefits of all these essential
inventions used in our everyday lives.  For
example, smartphones, GPS, MRI machines, LEDs are all created through the
understanding of quantum physics. Moreover, the ambiguity of quantum physics
has lead us to understand the world in ways we cannot explain. And so, by reading
this book, I cannot be certain that one can fully understand Heisenberg’s
interpretation of Quantum physics, but instead I am certain that one will end
up with some sense of appreciation by the end of this day.