Yergin’s “The Quest” talks about
the world’s appetite for energy, the history of energy consumption and how the
political and economic atmosphere for energy consumption is changing. Yergin
talks not only about a need for a new source of energy, one that is renewable
and sustainable ecologically, but also for a need to efficiently create energy.
 

Yergin begins by introducing
briefly to the readers the history of energy consumption, being fossil fuel.
Since the age of industrialization, man has searched for a resource to fuel the
industries. Up to the age of globalization in the 1990s oil production
stabilized in the middle east, but with new oil technological advances other
countries entered the field of oil production such as Russia, Kazakhstan and
Venezuela. Till then industrialized countries took up most of oil consumption.
Then came the demand shock which led to a situation of massive increase in
demand for oil consumption with an assumed limited supply, shooting up prices.

With fears of oil depletion, new
horizons were explored with “unconventional oil”. Out of this the shale gale
was the most revolutionary. Countries were not only shocked by this idea but
they were turned to re-examine their countries’ geology looking for old new
source of oil. Not only were large reserves found, a new face of energy rose to
the surface, Natural gas. Natural gas is thought to be the fuel of the future
with demand increasing three folds in 30 years and expected to increase even
more.

Yergin talks about how civilization
is now dependent on electricity. In a world with so much technological advancement one cannot live without the convinience of electrical technology. Pollution caused by production of electricity
does not fall far behind pollution caused by fossil fuel consumption. The main
fuels to source electricity are coal, nuclear and natural gas. Since the
incidents in japan nuclear energy is less sought out for but most countries
still would like to put it in their energy mix. The entry of natural gas
provided the world with a cheap and readily available source of electricity.
With increasing energy consumption, concerns for carbon emission took speed and
urgency to find a low carbon or carbon free fuel was on the rise.

Growing concerns for the
environment and increasing carbon emission followed by global warming accelerated
the growth of renewable sources of energy such as solar, wind  or geothermal. With boosted increase in such
routes Yergin says that renewable energy will be the dominant energy source by
year 2030. In other areas, discussion on the re-emergence of biofuel arises,
with rebirth of cellulosic ethanol and algae as a potential biofuel. The problem being sustainable growth level for commercial use.

Yergin also brings up the new
electric cars, an alternative to using fossil fuels in automobiles. Higher fuel
efficiency using fuel cells that convert hydrogen into electricity or using
natural gas engines. However using natural gas to create electricity then charging the vehicle may provide a more
efficient use of fuel. Either ways the dominance of fossil fuel in the
transportation industry is bound to disappear. But for now, atleast for the next two decades oil and the combustion engine will likely take reign.

To conclude, in the search for a
better way, we must continue advancing technology whilst acknowledging our
energy consumption problem and its impact on the environment. We are still in
the early stages of the energy mix and in the future we may be faced with a
whole different mix of energy. But one thing that we should note is that on
this current path to seek out knowledge for a better way and with active mental
acceptance of the dire situation we may indeed succeed in “The Quest” of
sustainability.