서진리2013******Prof. Ahn, Tae KyuMay 31, 2015

The Quest Book Review
       If I were to ask any scientists or researchers what they would like to improve in the area of humanity, most likely, all would respond by saying, “global warming”. To this question, Bill Gates agrees. At the 2010 TED conference he said that he would like to invent “a new technology that produces energy at half the price of coal with no carbon dioxide emissions” (Zakaria) if he could. He explained that the issue of global warming and energy is more important than making a new vaccine, medicine or even choosing the next president. After I have read Part 4 of Daniel Yergin’s The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World, I come to an understanding and agreement with Bill Gate’s reasons to why we need an ‘energy miracle’ today for a healthier future.        The Quest makes it clear that the rise of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, such as coal, oil and natural gas are the reasons to climate change, havoc. Though carbon dioxide and the other greenhouse gases act as balancers, a large amount of both severely harms the Earth. The cause of these includes growing population, rising incomes, deforestation and eliminating sinks, global poverty, and much more, “by burning fuels, humanity is generating an increasing proportion of carbon,” (422). The reasons to these are simple. First, population growth means that the more people there are, the more use of energy. For example, China produces 23% of the world’s CO2 compared to India, which produces 5% though India uses coal to produce most of its electricity. This is because “India’s economy is only about one quarter the size of China’s,” (511). Second, the World GDP tripled ever since 1950, which means that the use of energy is destined to follow. Third, the burning of forests releases carbon and eliminates sinks. However, the issue of deforestation in developing countries “constrains their freedom of action and development,” (465), which connect to the issue of global poverty. Ultimately, global poverty contributes to global warming because of releasing methane and nitrous oxide, greenhouse gases to the sky. Moreover, there are many other gases in the greenhouse gas, such as chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). CFCs are more potential in trapping heat than CO2. However, NASA found that CFCs were eating the ozone, which created a hole in the ozone over Antarctica. This was a pure threat. The loss of ozone would allow ultraviolet radiation concentrations seep through causing epidemics of skin cancer, potentially putting humans, animals and plant life in danger, “human activity imposes damage on the earth’s atmosphere,” (456).       There are many ways in which, the scientists, researchers, marketers and politics tried to reduce the emission of carbon over the past decades, such as through the White House effect, Framework Convention, use of markets, Kyoto’s International Conference Center, and much more. However, the problem was that “carbon restrictions would put the economy in recession, at enormous risk,” (465). Climate change was a global priority and continues to be today. One way to successfully help solve climate change was the use of market, such as by harnessing market forces &#8211; economic incentive system &#8211; to “remake the world’s energy marketplace and the character of energy in every person’s life and thus many of the daily choices that we make,” (472).        Other than the fact that increased CO2 is actually beneficent, in that it helps harvest and flourishes the World, the ultimate goal is to reduce CO2 emissions substantially. Using energy is good and needed, but it’s important to figure out how to live in the World without wrecking the climate. I believe that small changes, such as by participating Earth Hour, turning off lights, reducing the temperature of the air-conditioner, improving insulation of the building and etc., are all small acts that add up to become a big influence and improvement. Of course, the best solution is to wish for an ‘energy miracle’ &#8211; a technology that creates carbon-free energy &#8211; to happen, but the possibilities are unlikely. Therefore, I believe that we should act in ways by trying our best to reduce carbon emissions for our health and a brighter future. Furthermore, as a former biomedical major student, The Quest was a very interesting read. It answered many of my questions and wonderings on the cause of global warming, why the weather fluctuates irregularly and gets hotter every day, and if there’s a relation between global warming and poverty, as to, energy and security. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone interested in climate, carbons, and global warming.

Works Cited
ZAKARIA, FAREED. "How Will We Fuel the Future?" The New York Times 23 Sept. 2011: n. pag. The New York Times. Web. 21 May 2015. .