Book ReviewHa Young Lee 2013******아동청소년학과   This book, especially part 4 ‘Climate and Carbon’, allowed me to think of global warming and our climate in a much different way. I have always thought of global warming as a tedious issue dealt in our everyday lives, and something that was always among us throughout our lives. However, after reading this part of the book, it was very interesting to know about how scientists reached to a conclusion that we are experiencing global warming and that it is most possibly due to anthropogenic greenhouse gas emission.   I was fascinated by the way Tyndall described the atmosphere as “a dam built across a river”. The word ‘atmosphere’ was a very abstract term to me. I have never thought deeply about the atmosphere. This metaphor made me realize that the atmosphere was really protecting us just like how the dam protects the river. We are now consciously destroying something that is trying to protect. If the dam is destroyed or even has just a little hole in it, the water will over flood and the river would soon be gone. It would be worse for us. If the atmosphere is destroyed, not just human beings but the whole Earth may end up in chaos   Reading this section of the book, I realized that global warming has been an issue since early 1900s, which means it has been on controversy for approximately 100 years. However, this controversy still remains unsolved. Many countries are trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions but I think countries should actively try to come to an agreement before this situation gets worse. There are many countries that are calculating how much loss they will face, but I do not think that that should be the priority now. From NASA’s satellite data, researchers of the British Antarctic Survey said that they saw a hole emerging in the ozone on top of Antarctica. To add to this, this hole was seen in 1985. It is now 2015 and 30 years have passed. Now the hole over Antarctica is as big as the United States and there is also a hole found emerging in the Artic.    Reducing carbon emissions is of course essential too but banning CFCs are much urgent. CFCs are 10,000 times the potent of carbon dioxide. Now there are an increasing number of companies using CFCs. There should be stronger regulations made to restrict these companies from using CFCs. Additionally, there should be campaigns opposing CFC usage and if this is not effective, we should boycott companies that use CFCs. There are some small actions the public can take such as changing lightbulbs to compact fluorescent light bulbs or getting ‘Energy Star’ home appliances. However, the major cause of the increase in gas emissions is due to big companies and organizations. Therefore, it is imperative for them to acknowledge the seriousness and reduce emissions immediately.