2013****** Jeongwon Song

Part 4 of "The Quest" covers the use of carbon energy and the touchy issue of climate change that ultimately follows any discussion of burning carbon. It begins with Tyndall's exploration of glaciers to answer questions about the Ice Age, and how that was the beginning of the modern understanding of climate. It then goes on to describe carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas, why it is necessary, and how human activity may be producing too much. But Tyndall was not the first, it seems, as others had come up with the basic ideas of climate before him. Tyndall was, however, the first to experimentally prove the existence of greenhouse gases. But as industrialization kicked in, global warming was near forgotten. In later years, it became relevant again, and during the IGY, it was realized that global warming gone amuck could turn our planet hellishly hot like Venus.

Then, another shift occured. Global cooling instead became the dominant fear, and there was great indecision about whether the earth was cooling or warming. When it was settled that warming was indeed the trend, computers were being developed and used to model climate. The book details the IPCC and the arduous process of the convention at Rio. It continues with cap and trade, the Kyoto Protocol, and goes all the way to the current U.S. presidency: the Obama administration. Part 4 ends with a set-up for Part 5, which begins with a chapter on renewable resources.

After reading Part 4 of Daniel Yergin's "The Quest," I realized what a complicated topic climate change was and still is. While growing up in the States, I had always believed what I had been told about climate change: "Humans are going to melt the icecaps! CFCs are evil chemicals! We're burning too much carbon! We're going to ruin planet Earth!" It was all very one-sided for me, and I had thought this all to be a universal truth. What I didn't know was how the discussion even got to that phase. The fear that we would cool into another Ice Age, which led to climate research, climate modeling, and the thought (for relevant scientists of the time) that global warming would be a good thing that would increase humanity's quality of life; this was all either new to me or it was territory that I had not mentally ventured into until now. Then there's the long and winding road that the discussion took. Climate change went from unimportant to a top concern, but global warming is also a natural cycle, it seems. Are we humans really the only source of greenhouse gases? Seems not. There was a lot of back and forth about this in the past, I realize. My conclusion, though, is that it couldn't hurt to develop energy sources that have less of a risk of coming back to bite us in the butt, so to speak. This was an interesting read, and I think it was helpful in reminding me that the world is not so clear-cut, that things don't exist in black and white, and that it's important to be critical about what we perceive as fact as taught to us by others.