2012****** Carmen Li (이가문)
Title: The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern WorldPublication Information: Published in September 20th 2011 by Penguin Press.
 It is a book that to tell us the energy we are using and the new energy that we are trying to replace them. And the author, Daniel Yergin tells us energy is an engine of economics and political of each countries. In this book, Yergin brings us into the problems which are around our life and future.The Quest is divided into six sections: In the first section, The New World of Oil, it focuses on the developments of the oil industry in the world. The main contents are about the economics of the Middle East countries that base on the oil, and the sudden rise in China. And talk about the political between US and China during 70’s, also the promise in G20. For the traffic trouble in China, I do some research on it after reading this book, during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, China starts to sized the traffic problem. If the last number of the car is odd number, the car cannot drive out in odd number day, so double number also. So, a research by an international team of scientists led by the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) indicates that China’s restrictions on motor vehicles had the side benefit of dramatically cutting emissions of carbon dioxide by 24,000 to 96,000 metric tons (about 26,500 to 106,000 U.S. tons) per day during the event. If the China government can keep this transportation patterns could greatly reduce the threat of climate change and the toxic fog problem.
In the second section, Securing the Supply, this section covers in the world’s economy, policies, and planning. And the part of Gas on Water and The Natural Gas Revolution make me concerning for it, as water and gas is a part of our life. For the Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), it is another form of methane (CH4) in a liquid state. I found that the natural gas is the cleanest burning fossil in the world once it leaks, it will not have affect our health as it is non toxic and non corrosive. Even it exposed to the environment, LNG rapidly evaporates, leaving no residue on water or soil. 
 The Electric Age, the third section, follows electricity’s rise, as well as the risks of nuclear proliferation and the Urgency of Fuel Choice. After reading this chapter, I start concerning about the nuclear leakage problem. As the half life of the radiation is more than 30years, I think the people and scientists should think about the cons of it. Why the people still using the nuclear energy? We can use the other way to instead it, for example, solar energy, wind power energy, hydropower energy, biomass energy, etc. We have so many safety sources to use but why the government still choose the dangerous one? Is it because the cheaper cost? And I think the nuclear power should not be used as it is not a safe and environmentally fossil in the world and it will threaten our life.
In section four, Climate and Carbon, by this chapter, I learnt about the market between Europe VS US, also the developed countries VS developing counties. Sometimes our environments are linking with the political. And I searched some information of the Callendar Effect, Guy Callendar was found that the directly linking of the burning of fossil fuels to the warming of the Earth's atmosphere, but the people still burning the fuels in our daily life. That is indirectly killing our future and destroying our planet.
In the fifth section, New Energies, it focuses on the “rebirth of renewable” and the role of energy efficiency. After reading this chapter, I think we should start protect our environment, and using the sources that the natural give us. Even the cost is a little bit high but the government should invest on the natural energy system. For example, the street lights in Hangang, the energy produce by the solar and wind power system, even those are just some part in our life, but it can reduce and save so many fossil fuels and reduce the carbon dioxide. 
In the sixth section, The Road to the Future, the last section covered the topics of biomass fuels, hydrogen fuel cells, etc. And he talks about the round two in the race between gasoline and the electric car. In let me think a lot in the human future, as the growth of the mass products, I think we should think about the gas production and the life spend of the product before using it. 
People are selfish, we should not think about the happiness in this moment, we should think about the future and our children. Preparing is better than healing, we should think more plans to extend our life of planet rather than think about ‘treatment’ for our planet. And stop and political war for the oil also the theory of global warming. The developed of nuclear is giving a better life for the people and more energy, but not destroying our home. We should start using the environmental friendly products, to reduce the toxic gas to the atmosphere in our planet.