Many Surprises and Three Promises
2012****** 김혜수

     As an English Literature major, I read quite a lot of texts including both prose and poetry. Nevertheless, I was overwhelmed by the thickness of the book “The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World.” Thankfully and fortunately, the professor kindly advised the class to focus on Part Four if it seems burdensome to read the whole book, and that’s exactly what I did. A few days ago, I finally made up my mind to start reading this somehow intimidating book, and as I read through, I was surprised at a couple of factors.     Firstly, I am an English major as I mentioned in the beginning, and consequently, I have read relatively many books. However, what I realized after reading this book was that until now, I only read novels, poems, and essays; this scientific non-fiction was a totally different genre from what I have been reading for the past three years in college. But what I was really surprised about this book was not the genre but the writing skills of the Pulitzer-winning author Daniel Yergin.     Part Four: Climate and Carbon is composed of six chronological chapters related to climate change and global warming. Yergin totally absorbed me into this book with his extraordinary writing and made this unattractive subject interesting. Honestly before this class and this book, I considered global warming as an outdated concept that is unrelated to my everyday life; everyone has heard of global warming but the concept has been around for so long that it no longer imposes a threat to normal people. However, although this book is very impartial, it succeeded in giving me a sense of warning of what might happen to generations to come.     I was initially surprised that the history of climate change goes more than 150 years up to mid-nineteenth century chemist John Tyndall. This long process of a simple curiosity of the moving glaciers developing into theories and extensive researches about climate change and global warming is simply fascinating. It was also interesting to know that global warming used to be seen as a neutral or even positive concept that can promote agriculture.     “Why did the planet not become burningly hot when the sun shone and then freezingly cold at night?” This was the question that led Saussure to build his ‘hot box’ in the 1770s. I was shocked by two reasons when I read this part of the book. First, I was surprised that this question never popped up in my head. I realized that I took way too many things for granted and lacked the curiosity that I ought to have towards the world I am living in. Also, I was shocked that Saussure’s hot box was built almost 250 years ago back in the 1770s when Korea was ruled by Jung Jo and when the United States of America just declared their independence.     Another important thing I gained through this book is the respect for the great scholars who achieved what they have without the technology that we now have. I cannot imagine how long it must have taken Arrhenius to hand-calculate the effects of change in carbon on the world temperature. Also, I admired the steam engineer Guy Callendar’s obsession on this subject that enabled him to put so much time into his work, and eventually became the foundation of the great Kneeling’s Curve. Furthermore, Von Neumann’s extraordinary intelligence and achievements made me read his part of the book with my mouth open.     In the second half of Part Four, more familiar names and parts of history appeared, making it even easier to concentrate. The subject of global warming being developed by numerous people over many years and eventually growing to be included in presidential election pledges was very interesting to read, almost as if I was watching a kid named ‘Global Warming’ grow. As a Business double-major, the part about making a market for environmental problems and including economics to this problem was revolutionary.     At first, I was very na&iuml;ve and thought that if the whole world works together on this matter, carbon emission and global warming can be decreased. However, this book surprised me by showing how complicated this problem is. The politics, international relations, fight between developed and developing countries, and the disagreement even within the US Congress and Senate all make global warming a very complex problem to solve. Honestly, even after reading the book, there doesn’t seem to be a clear solution to this problem, and there seems to be nothing that I can do as a mere individual.     In conclusion, this book made me make three promises to myself. First, I will inform the people around me that global warming is not an outdated concept but is still a matter that we should be giving thought to. Second, I will have more curiosity and interest in the world I am living in, and as a start, I will read the rest of this book during the summer vacation. Last but not least, I will not judge a book by its cover and author, having known that an energy expert can write with such incredible skills.