The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking Of the Modern WorldFamily and Consumer Science Major 2011310735 Yoo Seohyun
 
When I was in my third year of High School, I remember my chemistry teacher (who was also the head of our school’s environmental club); recommend a book called The Prize. At that time, I remember reading it with great impact and it allowed me to think about what oil really means to us. It made me think about oil in a different way and so when I heard that The Quest was a sequel to The Prize, I was interested in seeing how Yergin continues with the subject of global energy, as he had with oil. My general impression when picking up the seven-hundred (over eight-hundred including the index) some page paper-back book; I couldn’t help but think to myself how thick it was and questioned the need to make a book about “energy” this long. However, after reading this book (mainly Part Four: Climate and Carbon), I realized that each section contained important information about how our world is developing around energy. This report will contain my thoughts and impressions on Daniel Yergin’s book, The Quest, mainly focusing on the fourth section of the book: Climate and Carbon.

Before coming to Korea, I didn’t think too much about the concept of Particular Matter (PM), the “Yellow Dust” from China, or the reasons and affects these have on our health, because it never really concerned me (or at least didn’t influence my overall health) when I lived in Canada. I didn’t realize that this is potentially the result of excessive carbon dioxide emissions into our atmosphere that is changing the climate on an international level. After coming and living in Seoul for about four years now, I feel days that my lungs feel heavy and see the sky full of a yellowish fog. Feeling the effects of an increased polluted environment, I was interested in reading more about the ‘Climate and Carbon’ section of Daniel Yergin’s book, The Quest. This section reminds us how important the changes in our environment might mean to our energy supply and use. Although scientifically, the ideas of global warming lack evidence, I still feel it is important to be aware of the possibility. Yergin begins with the history and foundation of climate change research, starting from the study of glaciers to the study of oceans and the atmosphere. He also creates a geopolitical narrative on the ways science and policies have developed over a century. This section, for me, was the most interesting section, as well as the most important section in educating ourselves on the importance of energy awareness and its effects (for example, the sensitive topic of global warming.) It emphasized the issue of rising carbon emission levels and the political issues/policies that developed from it. Yergin explains that burning fossil fuels have a cost.

In summary, I felt that Daniel Yergin’s The Quest, allowed for me to understand the history and developments of energy in a different way. I didn’t realize that ‘energy’ was a part of our everyday lives from the air we breathe to the laws we abide to, and although in the beginning I doubted the need for writing about energy in such thickness of the book, after reading till the end, I couldn’t help but feel the importance in understanding. The topic of energy is so much more complicated than I had earlier that, and the ideas of climate change and global warming is much more politically sensitive than I had imagined. One of Daniel Yergin’s closing arguments that I was most interested in was his focus on the importance of efficiency. It’s a simple idea, he points out, but one that is very difficult to properly understand. Creating better and more efficient building, cars, airplanes, and computers, have the potential to change the ways we use energy. I felt that, rather than just focusing on how to cut down on carbon emissions through policies, more time and money should be invested in the science of efficiency. With better science, we might just understand more ways in using energy without harming the environment, as well as better understand our climate state. Not only that, but I feel that science ‘efficiency’ can possibly change/solve our world’s energy related problems.