             It was during Chemistry in Everyday Life class that i got the chance to read a book called Designing the Molecular World by Philip Ball. The title has a touch to it that makes me feel like I wouldn’t want to read the book, ever. That “molecular” is related to chemistry, which is not my favorite course in all of the sciences
considering also, that it was my worst grade between science classes during
high school. However, I like science plus, I like reading, and as it was an
assignment. I had to read it. At the beginning of each chapter the author tries
to captivate the reader by asking questions, which the author will be answering
throughout the text starting from simple explanations to complex ones and it
somehow got interesting. Yes, I would be lying if I stated that I could
understand every chemistry explanation in this book because then, the book
would not be titled the way it is but would most likely be titled: Chemistry
for Dummies; however, it wasn’t as hard as it seemed.

             The reason how it captivated my attention is quite
simple. I would not consider myself to be a wise person nor am I experienced; I
only have 21 years. However, I do like philosophy (not that I understand most
of the philosophical ideas). In the first chapter of the book, it starts with a
chemistry experiment done in Harvard on palytoxin and shows its chemical
structure. Then, he would ask, “What are the chemists trying to convey when
they draw a picture like Figure 1.1? What in reality are those balls and
sticks?” And here comes the juicy part. He says that the world is an illusion.
Why? The world we see is actually created by small particles called atoms,
which most of us already know. We also know that this atoms are connected to
created concrete structures and organism like ourselves and anything else.
However, did you know that, “If we compressed the Earth...in which all…empty
space was eliminated, it would fit quite comfortable inside a...football
stadium?” This is what chemistry is about. But how did it come to be?
             The start of chemistry is explained in the third
and last section (Part III) of the book. The author amazes us with different
ideas or “theological alternatives” of how the universe came to be and how
these ideas evolved. Starts from how physics, chemistry, and biology came to
be. How organic and inorganic categories were made. What I thought was the most
interesting from this chapter was “panspermia.” Everyone knows about the Big
Bang Theory, which tries to be really logical, but leaving the logics aside for
a second, Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius proposed in 1908 that life on Earth
could be seeds of life blown to Earth by the radiation pressure of the stars. I
believe that some imagination and creative thinking is what drove many
scientists to discover what they discovered, although some may be accidents.
This kind of creativity and development evolved from a start to progress
through revolutions and came to be what we now know as technology.
             It would be recommendable to read the book to
discover how the computer in which I’m typing this review came to be through
the bonds of particles chemists call atoms. Chemistry has become a business on how chemists find new uses for
buckminsterfullerene molecules which seem to have applications for many human
wants and needs from medicine to electronics. Personally, from reading this
book, it makes me think once again that science is progress. That I deeply feel
respect towards the avant-garde scientists. Without these pioneers the world
wouldn’t be what it is now.