             Getting tutored is costly, but what
if you were to be tutored by a book? In Designing
the Molecular World written by Philip Ball, Ball expresses the importance
of chemistry. He further describes how the core of Earth’s existence, and the
existence of any individual begins with a single atom. Any individual who has
taken any sort of introduction to Chemistry class would learn that any existing
objects are derived from atoms. However, instead of stating facts, Ball in this
book goes in extents that rips through layers behind this idea. If you are an
individual interested in the basic underlying theories of chemistry, I strongly
recommend this book. My review on this book consists of the following;
structure, thought provoking questions, and recommendations.
             At first glance, despite the
paperback cover, it creates an impression that it is like any chemistry
textbook with a confusing cover. Though this book may seem like an ordinary
textbook that you can easily locate in a local library, it is not. You will
notice headings and subheadings and figures, like a textbook, but it reads like
a story. Ball begins each topic with a broad idea and he begins to hone into
ideas he finds important with the aid of past theories from an array of scientists.
Additionally, a prominent feature of this text is that it is written in first
person. While written in first person, the author throws questions that he
himself has or thoughts that stimulates readers to generate plausible predictions.
As a result, it creates an illusion that dialogues are shared between the
author and the reader, as if the reader is being tutored.
Throughout Ball’s explanation, he throws
thought provoking questions and answers them as he pulls strings to many
research, theories and ideas that are not limited to chemistry. As mentioned
earlier Ball begins with a big idea and dives into specifics by captivating our
minds with questions such as “But why, if they are mostly empty space, can
chemists regard atoms as though they were as solid as billiard balls (that is,
as solid as billiard balls appear to
be?) What is an atom really like?”. The ideas deliberated are simple but you
will be amazed with how much Ball goes into extent to describe small existing
things such as an atom and amino acids. While his passion to explain ideas and
theories can be a burden, he doesn’t forget to encourage readers to hold a
curious mind. One of the lines that really spoke to me was; “Nothing, it seems
to me, could be more damaging to the human spirit than to impose boundaries on the
questions that we are permitted to ask of the territories that we may explore,
so long as we do so with sensitivity and responsibility.”. So, who is this book
most applicable to?
If you are curious about how the very
existence of an individual can be explained though chemistry, you should give
it a go. Any individual who does not have great depth of knowledge on
chemistry, such as myself, can comprehend. However, while reading this book it
would be a good idea to keep a dictionary handy at hand, or an electrical
device such as a laptop or phone to look up scientific names that are foreign
to untrained ears such as chromium. Do you know what that is? (Well, I did
not). 
Overall, Ball speaks to students with
limited knowledge of chemistry through the book; Designing the Molecular World. The physical layout of the text itself
may seem like a textbook but it rather reads like a story. The author starts
off with a broad idea which are soon narrowed down and supports his claims with
the aid of previous studies and theories well-known. If there are any
difficulties reading this book is that, for those who have limited knowledge of
chemistry may want to keep an external search device to better understand
chemistry terms. After completing the read, the reader should have achieved the
knowledge of how chemistry is present in every aspect of our lives, how
individuals are after all a product of chemistry.
 