                                                                               Designing the Molecular World

                                                                                                                Chemistry in
Everyday Life 김민지 2015314313
          The book: Designing the Molecular World by Philip Ball
talks about chemistry. First, the author starts by introducing what is
chemistry by giving clarify definitions, terms and equations for the ones that
are not familiar with chemistry could also follow the reading. Then, the author
used the basic ideas and gave more realistic examples and used samples that one
could really connect to the understanding. In the reading there were lots of
figures that illustrate the text and made the readers easy to follow.
   At the first part of the reading, the author
gave the basic concept about chemistry. It also tells the reader to don’t worry
about the text because he would explain the concepts. The author really
accomplish with his saying by really describing the concepts in a clear way but
while the concepts gets narrowed and gets into more specific ideas and concepts
was really hard to understand, if there were little knowledge about the topic.
At the beginning of the reading, the author defined the basic term as: element,
atom and molecules. For the one that are not interested in chemistry would
think that all this terms are synonyms with each other but this terms vary each
other. Element is the simple substance, atom is the smallest indivisible unit
of element and molecules is the cluster of atoms joined by chemical bonds. Also
in the first chapter it gives some image about the rest of the chapters from
the text. It talks about the energy charge that the elements have and that they
could be shared and borrowed from other elements. By this concept the element
creates “octet” which is an important concept on chemistry.
             One of
the real life example that the author illustrate was light. Light is a concept
that many people are familiar with, but even though it is really well-known
topic, people doesn’t know the profound knowledge about it. The basic idea that
people have is that the object reflect light and for that reason the color is
being visible. Looking more deeply into this topic, it uses the spectroscopy.
Spectroscopy is a scale of colors that shows the difference of light intensity.
Many people confuse on the idea that red will be the color that contains more
energy but in reality is the violet. The spectroscopy is an object that create
an accurate and sensitive measure of the color. With the eyes of human, there
are colors that can’t be visible or there are colors that think that it is the
same but looking at the spectroscopy, there are huge difference and it can also
show colors that are not visible with human sight. After explaining all the concept,
it gets into narrow example like “how the leaf gets its color”. The leaf
absorbs the red and blue light and for that reason, it create a greenish color
                Like
this concept above, the author describes the rest of the chapters and ideas in
a way that first it gives a clarifying ways of explanation and later on it
continues giving examples and ideas that is related to the concept. After
reading the book, there were many ideas and concept that could be related with
the object and non-object that is in the world. There were many unfamiliar
concept that after reading and it created knowledge and understanding about
chemistry.