《부분과 전체 Book Report 박동진 At first, before I started to read this book, my expectation about this book was quite complicated and concrete. This might be because the writer of this book is Werner Heisenberg, who is one of the greatest physicist in history and who created the uncertainty theory. When I started to read this book, I was astonished by the way he tells his story. The first chapter was about the dialogue he took with his friends when he was young. The reason why this is astonishing is that I thought How could he remember all those long and complicated comments?’ In my case, I hardly remember everyday life things such as dialogues, events and whatever. As a result watching this amazing person remembering even a very detail of his old memories was very shocking.As I kept reading this book, it was a bit interesting to facing the names I learned in the lecture. When I first noticed the name Max Planck,’ I was so glad to see it. And the same thing happened when I watched the name Niels Bohr.’ While preparing for the exam, it was agony to memorize the names, years and achievements. However, knowing those names and other things made my reading even funnier and more interesting. And the term came into my brain was “You can see as much as you know.”The sad thing I felt while reading this book was that it was very hard to understand the contents of this book. This was about every part of the book, but especially when I was reading the chapter 5, Quantum mechanics and talk with Einstein. This could be due to the difficult terms such as harmonic oscillator’ and the economics of thinking.’ In spite of this fact, I thought had I not learned the cloud chamber’ in the lecture, it might have been terrible to understand the contents.The most impressive part of this book was that even though I’ve always learned and heard the scientists in old times developed and establish their thinking and theories by having conversation with each other, this was the first opportunity to experience the real conversation of prominent scientists. This impression was most intense while I was reading chapter 5. Even though, as I mentioned above, it was drudgery to read those things, it really was. Albert Einstein might be the most famous scientist in the world, according to my guess. However, just like other people, I actually haven’t been knowing much about him. A few thing I knew about him was things such as Emc², uncertainty theory and he was genius, etc. However, seeing the actual statement of him was very impressive.After I read this book, I was quite sad. It is because there are whole lot of things that I couldn’t fully understand. I thought I participated quite well in the lecture, but the road to understanding this book was harsh. It’s an empty phrase but I hope someday I could understand even the fraction of this book and Werner Heisenberg.To tell the truth, I thought I was interested in quantum mechanics. When I was in high school, I learned and studied about Schrodinger’s cat’ all by myself. So I enrolled this lecture in a fit of passion. But as the lecture was processed, I realized that I was licking the surface of watermelon. This could be too foolish to be mentioned in this report, but I just wanted to be honest when I am writing. I hope in my heart that I sum up this lecture well and get something from this lecture. And this is not an empty phrase.