This course’s goal was for students of the humanities and social sciences to understand that quantum mechanics is a subject closely related to our lives. Before taking this course, the only subject of physics I can name and fully understand that they’re related to our lives was Isaac Newton’s law of motion. There may be other subjects of physics that I unconsciously know they exist in my daily life, but laws of motion was the only one I can name in a scientific term. This course was my introduction to a new subject, quantum mechanics. The book mentions about language. Mathematical language is used to calculate the quantum physics, but what conventional language to use to explain subatomic events and how to relate this subject to general principles is yet unknown. I strongly agreed by this phrase that conventional language does not fully deliver the quantum mechanic’s fundamentals to the nonprofessional. Mathematical language, for instance equations and diagrams, are formed completely. However, the relation between the mathematical language and common sense is yet unformed. After reading this book, the concept of quantum mechanics seemed like an irony in some ways. First, the logic of the concept seemed ironic. I’ve always believed that science is a study that longs for objectivity and certainty. However, Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle claims that mathematical inequalities of quantum mechanics limits for the physical properties of a particle to be known. For instance, the position and momentum cannot be known. Just like how Grete Herman wondered, I was not sure how this uncertainty still remains uncertain. So is uncertainty principle only claiming that it is certain to be uncertain? According to the characteristic of science where it has to be certain, I thought there should be more studies continued to be more certain. Heisenberg clearly says that our conventional language is formed based on daily experiences, but atoms are not part of that. This surely violated my common sense about science, and made me agree on that there is yet no relation connecting the mathematical and conventional language to explain quantum mechanics. Another irony regards scientific methodology. America at the time was the time of pragmatism. Pragmatism believes in improvement and evolution. If there are limitations, it must be improved by studying new theories or equations. So a pragmatist saw German physicists believing law of nature to be imperative may be limiting further improvements. On this thought, Heisenberg claimed that such method steals the overall correlation. Because I agree more on the pragmatic methodology, quantum mechanics became a more difficult study to me. Last irony comes from Richard Feynman’s quote "If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you dont understand quantum mechanics". This made me wonder if there is any correct answer or understanding of quantum principles. Because even a physicist himself says that no one fully understands the quantum mechanics, my belief about science being a certain knowledge has collapsed. Nevertheless, this subject of science surely is appealing in some mysterious ways. The beginning of the book mentions about closing the gap between field of mental science and art, and field of technology and natural science. This highlights a new possibility and hope, which is the quality that appeals me. Society, philosophy, politics, and individuals are all related to science but not yet explained completely, including the relations to quantum mechanics. This means that there is still a possibility of a new study to be found in the future, which I now am excited about. This book not only opened my eyes into a new field of subject out of my profession, but also successfully made me look forward to new discoveries of quantum mechanics relationship with other fields.