Before starting my review on what I’velearned through reading this book and my overall evaluation of it, I would liketo say that this book was both “unexpectedly sophisticated” yet interesting.Since this is my first time reading any book about the quantum mechanics it wasno wonder why I felt so confused. Although I fortunately did get to takeprofessor Ahn’s class on quantum physics, this book came to me as somewhat raw.To specify what I mean by raw is how Heisenberg frankly documented thedialogues between him and the other famously genius people. For someone like methat is not much different from completely different language, to be honest.But what’s interesting is throughout the whole book, even though I did havedifficult times interpreting where the conversation is heading, I couldunderstand what values Heisenberg and his fellow people were pursuing. Sincethe time and space Heisenberg lived was going through a lot of change in bothsocial terms and scientific terms, what one values and stands for is critical.Now I would like to elaborate on what I learned as one of many futuregenerations of the great quantum mechanist.Why do I have a positive view on Heisenberg?The answer is simple—he stood on the side so called moral side, when he couldhave simply helped his country shine. Throughout the book, he encountered manyincidents such as having a talk with a proNazi student. The way he tried tosidestep from the proNazi student’s offer to act as a leader and a professorwas both considerate and stern. He made clear that his belief on the need ofrevolutionizing the corrupt society’ corresponds to Hitler, but others, such asviolence against other race, does not. But because of his indecisive looking,but actually sensible style of speech hurt his repetition within the proNazisociety. He was nicknamed, the white Jew. Heisenberg is a prodigy withexceptional intelligence. If he had turned to Nazi and contributed to theirdevelopment in nuclear weapon, the world today might not be the world we knownow. He knew where to stand and he did what he had to do, even if that meant hewould receive harsh comments from others. This is the main reason on why I interpretedHeisenberg as humane and moral.Apart from where his values stand,throughout the book, he seems like a person that has respectful knowledge notonly in physics but many other. He was a musician, a literature lover, and likemany other German physicists, a philosopher. Conversation on where he andEinstein has conflict on how to view physical theory’, both of them quote ImmanuelKant. By this, I had to admit that there is no excuse in not being able tounderstand certain field of studies because I am studying another. Beforereading this book I justified to myself that lack of understanding on thisquantum physics is natural for me since I major in psychology. But every fieldsare correlated in a way, so that is no more than an excuse.Last but not least, he was arespectful person. Although Bohr’s theory was wrong and there were severalother physicists that had opposing ideas, he didn’t sarcastically mock them noraccused them for having different thoughts. Instead, he just stated the facts—wehad opposing ideas, yet his ideas were elaborate and logical as well. By this Icould see what he was like as a person. He must have been a likable, supportiveand considerate company.I have decided to write a book reviewmainly on what impression Heisenberg gave me because as much as hiscontribution to the quantum world, what he was like as a human being is importantas well. This is more so because the world he lived in was in need of ethicaluse in technology since ideologicalphysical wars were present. Overall, thisbook contains priceless knowledge and the origins of how quantum physics hasgrown to this extent. It also depicts what it was like to live as a physicist,back then in the early 20th century. I would conclude this bystating this “Morality is of the highest importance—but for us, not for God”, Isa quote made by Einstein. As we are human being morality stands as an importantmatter and Heisenberg seem to have adhere to his belief, sternly, which morethan extraordinary.