This book ismore philosophical than I expected. I used to have an idea that books writtenby scientists are specialized and detailed, which makes readers get confusedand bored until they stop reading. I mean, of course, I could not understandsome detailed concepts discussed in this book as well. However, as long as Iunderstood its general concepts and Heisenbergs development of thoughts, I couldnot stop reading this book. Philosophical aspects of this book make it moreinteresting and different from any other science books. This book is more of abiography of Heisenberg. Moreover, after I finished this book I had thisfeeling that Heisenberg is a scientist but at the same time a great philosopher.Through a lot of conversations with different scientists he continueddeveloping his imagination and letting his wrong thoughts be corrected. Itseemed like he was seeking for more than just scientific knowledge and truths. Ithought scientists are so stubborn that they do not debate with others and justfocus on their own formulas and experiments for the result. I also used tothink that they only focus on their study, the "part" but not on acause, the "whole". But Heisenberg was different, maybe all otherscientists are. The fact is after reading this book I was very impressed by howmuch and deeply Heisenberg had debates with other scientists and even with hisopponents, and how far and deep he developed his ideas in order to see not onlythe "part", but also the "whole", so that he became biggerthan just a physicist.This bookconsists of 20 conversations Heisenberg had with other scholars. They are notjust about physics but also about philosophy, religion, politics, sociology,and so on. Heisenberg asserted that understanding these areas of study aresignificant for science to be concretely established. He started his firstconversation about atomic world during his road trip in the Lake Starnberg witha few friends. This conversation motivated Heisenberg to start having greatthoughts on quantum physics. Since then he continued his study by havingconversations with Sommerfeld, Pauli, Bohr, Einstein, and more. He did notavoid debates with his strongest opponent Einstein. From this attitude I realizedbeing the best at something requires continuous acknowledging differentthoughts and admitting ones mistakes and limits. When I had debates withfriends, a lot of times I tried hard to convince them to think like me. I guessI thought admitting is losing and I always did not want to lose. If I felt likelosing, I tried to stop the conversation. This book gave me a lesson.Heisenberg in this book throws a task on what knowledge is. He devoted his lifeon finding out what knowledge is, not on wining against other scientists withhis own knowledge. I think this made him one of the greatest physicists. Due tothis cause he had in studying physics, he is remembered as not just a greatphysicist but as a great person.I thinkHeisenberg is giving a lesson also to the modern society, not just me. Due tothe development of modern scientific technology and all other studies, we focusmore one specifics and expertise. It seems like we focus too much on the"part” and stop looking at the "whole". Perhaps Heisenberg triedto warn scholars and even us through this book. He is capable of concentratingon details when he does mathematical problems in physics. At the same time, heshowed us he put lots of efforts in examining overall relations of the resultedformulas or experiments within a given social condition, which are revealed inthe conversations in this book. Thinking of the "part" only,Heisenberg would have emigrated to the US for his study and future. Since hecould look at the "whole", he decided to stay in Germany to preventthe advancement of atomic bomb. I think the biggest lesson that Heisenberg istrying to give us through this book is this looking at the "whole"is as important as focusing on the "part". Its surprising that abook from a hundred years ago can still give a lesson. I think it works evenmore these days. Sure, its important to see the "part" for onesexpertise. But look at religious groups committing terrorist attacks,politicians slandering other parties for votes, or university students studyingday and night for GPA, all of them focusing only on the "part". Whatwe need right now is Heisenbergs way of looking at the "part" andthe "whole" with balance.