lt;Starship Troopersgt; is a sciencefiction book which was written by Robert A. Heinlein after the World War . Thenovel depicts a story about a boy joining the military and the assessment ofhis work in the troop.JohnnyRico. Is a rich guy. He joins the military in spite of his parent’s opposes.His friend Carl joins the Research Department. The Federal department placedhim to the Mobile Infantry. There, Johnny got to understand what a soldier shouldhave. After participating for some exercises, he feels exhausted and ponders onquitting. However, a letter from his mother and his professor in Moralamp;Philosophy encourages him to continue. In the mobile Infantry, the soldiers getto know about the bugs and their abilities. They try to eliminate as much bugsas possible. There are also an alien called Skinnies. During his service,Johnnie was punished for administrative problems. His perspectives changedgradually. When his hometown was destroyed, his mother was on a vacation. Thisfact triggered his father, and he participated in the military to become a “real”man.Eventually,Johnny experiences his view of the military changing. He was pessimistic aboutthe work at first, but gradually he became a strong and vibrant sergeant atlast.Whilereading the book, the right to vote triggered me. In the book, civilians andcitizens are different. People can vote only of they are in the military orhave served before. I think that is unfair because even citizens are a part ofthe country. My personal opinion is that Heinlein is aggressively pinpointingpeople the importance of voluntary volunteering of the military. Hence,citizens who have not participated in the army should have the right to votetoo.The Unfairness of SergeantsTobe honest, in my high school, teachers were kind of like the sergeants,commanding students to have higher grades that they could have a higher pay.Some of them even implemented insults on students who didn’t perform well. The sergeantstreated the soldiers violently, this was unfair and made me angry.Johnny’s Change of PriorityBeforeJohnny joined the army, he was doubtful whether it was a good choice. He eventhought of quitting. However, as he received further practice andindoctrination, he felt that the soldiers were part of his family. He put moreimportance to his mates than other events. I consider this is because they haveovercome the hardships together. There are difficulties in our lives, but thosewho are around us will make it easier to go through them.