Charts, infographics, and diagrams are ubiquitous. theyre helpful as a result of theyll reveal patterns and trends hidden behind the numbers we have a tendency to encounter in our lives. smart charts build us smarter—if we all know a way to read them.However, they can additionally deceive us. Charts exist a range of ways—displaying incomplete or inaccurate data, suggesting dishonorable patterns, and concealing uncertainty— or are ofttimes misunderstood. several people are unequipped to interpret the visuals that politicians, journalists, advertisers, and even our employers gift every day.How Charts Lie’ teaches us to not solely spot the lies in deceptive visuals, however also to require advantage of good ones. In his new book, Alberto Cairo demystifies an important new literacy, one which will build North American nation higher equipped to navigate our datadriven world.Today I feel so bad because again I missed the chance of earning 10,0000 won. In my heart, I was pondering how to please others that I forgot the FMRI research at Ncenter. I feel very disappointed by myself and I do not want to replicate the same mistake again. I do not want to be too busy, After reading the book, lt;How charts liegt;, I realized that panel data was not everything. For I had this assignment which is related to statistics. 1. Brief theoretical background 0.5 page2. Research method 3. Describe research results in table and text 0.5 pages from 2 to 34. Discussion and conclusion 0.5 page5. Bibliography 6. Attach SPSS output result I was afraid of learning new things, because I was fearful that I would not be able to follow what is written there. Also, from young, I also were not a engineering person. However, after trying Arduino, Python, and others, I feel that I can have a try. At least I am still 20 years old. There are many possibilities. But, where should I put my focus on?According to the stata and data, I found that real "collaboration" is built upon multiple and broad knowledge of the majors in our school. After seeking for help for international friends to find the appropriate major, I found out that I was a very intimate being, vulnerable and limited. The book also states that try to visualize not simply what a chart shows however what its going to not be showing.Don’t jump to conclusions, significantly if a chart looks to verify what you already believe. The question of whether or not youre properly verbalizing the chart’s content is considered. Consider whether the info represents the extent needed to create the inferences you wish. If you want to {find outto be told} regarding countries, say, consult data at the country level, but if you want to learn about your own health risks, find data about individuals. And either way, continually remem­ber that, during a chart or among any data, correlation isnt equivalent as causation.Reference