When I was found this book, I really surprise. Because it has a lot of page and I feel panic if I read this book, how can I write book review in English and I almost give up reading book. But I remembered what the professor who teach this class said to me, Organized things become more familiar over time even though they are less familiar than familiar things when I require interpret the class in Korean. So I try to read first. Actually, I take a really long time to read but it was really interesting. It gave me a courage and I started write review in English. Some say its funny but it is little challenge to me.The book generally talks about the beginning of energy, the process of operation, and the conflict between countries caused by it, and petroleum energy was at the center of it. Divided into six chapters, the first part dealt with oil, and the relationship between history and the current era, with oil as the center, and the middle part, how electricity influenced the energy war. The last part describes the limits of the energy currently being used and what energy will be used in the future. What was quite surprising is that I described the development and potential of electric vehicles in 2013, before electric vehicles were still developed.And when I was a child, I was raised with education that there is a high probability that oil will be depleted after the 2020s, and that I should focus on finding alternative energy. However, the writer predicted that oil would not be easily depleted, and this became a reality, and he says that alternative energy should be found in terms of efficiency.These parts gave me both interest and trust as I read this book, so my reading speed was getting faster. After reading the book, it was good to know about the contents and new knowledge, but on the other hand, I looked at the energy with a slightly different perspective.It seemed that the energy war was not a war between nations, but energy itself became a nation. And it seemed that the nationalized energies were at war with each other. And it seemed that the nationalized energies were at war with each other.Of course, resources are converted into energy by humans, but at some point the energy acts as an indispensable factor for humans.Made by humans but it become like person and they war whit each other. This reminds me of the movie Terminator. After I thought about it like this why the title of the book is 에너지전쟁.The author is saying that it just energy wars, not energy wars between nations. Of course the original title is THE QUEST.However, I think the title that the translator paraphrased and the original title THE QUEST have the same meaning.To summarize this in one sentence, Energies are waging war with each other This is a quest that humanity must solve. Wouldnt this sentence be a question that this vast amount of books posed to us and a problem to be solve