This is the day that I did so many thingsfor the first time. I have never been writing English recommended book review, norreading book which over 700pages in English. I read quite amount of English textin my life, but when it comes to Book’, it was the first since the miniversion of Star Trek’ in my middle school times.Even aside from linguistic difficulties,the book which has been assigned as assignment with more than 700pages. It was reallyhard to open the first page of it. But while I read the first part thatdescribe about the times when USSR collapse, I found out the book is easy toread. This book describes stories about energy resources and future althoughthe book was written before nearly 10 years by unit and by subtitle. So, itmakes easy to read book with an excerpt.It might be similar in every 20’s of these days,since I born, the Russia is always been Russia and USSR’ was a word only can befound in some media like movie, especially some background stories for villains.Even the Russia’ is one of the so called Powers’ surround Korea, I did not haveas much interest in it as china japan or USA. So, I was wondered why there isstory about Russia in the very first part of this book. I am embarrassed that Icannot hide my ignorance, but only after I searched Russia via Internet I couldknow the oil and natural gas was responsible for virtually large part of Russiaeconomy. I got shocked Russia was not we make little bit of oil’ level but theone of the world’s top oil producing countries.In the text, Putin said that Russias oiland gas resources are a strong force that allows Russia to enter the worldeconomy. When I read it, I could understand the oil is great weapon of Russia,and the power of it in these day’s energy paradigm.I can recall the time that the beginning ofthis year, when COVID19 began to take off, many factories around the worldwere shut down in the aftermath of the disease, and as a result, the demand forcrude oil was temporarily lowered, resulting in a drop in crude oil prices, andshocking news articles such as temporary negative oil prices posted. I rememberthat one of the factors that accelerated the negative oil price crisis alongwith COVID19 at that time was “Russias non fulfilment to the productioncutoff agreement”. Of course, Saudi Arabia’s joining of competing in pricecould have been a bit more direct cause, but while reading news articles andanalysis at the time, Russia is a single country, yet it can be a factor thatmoves the oil price market with the same power as those in the Middle East? Iwas shocked.As I said earlier, it was primarily becauseI was not interested in Russia and lacked common sense. But the things that thequestion or impression I felt after seeing what was happening in the worldaround me was revived and resolved by doing something I never thought of aftertime passed are fun thing to feel like a puzzle fits in my head.Many of the current generations must havebeen educated about energy with keywords such as "depletion of energyresources" or "energy war." I dont know what other friendswould be like, but when I was young, I didnt feel it much and didnt payattention to it even though it flowed out of the news. But during thisassignment, I felt fresh since there were a lot of "puzzlematching"that connect the news I heard around me and the thoughts I had while looking atthem together.