The Quest Energy, Security, and theRemaking of the Modern World Energy, Security, and the Remaking ofthe Modern Worldmost important energy, focusing on petroleumThe bookexplains the process of energy change that humans used as they developed andtells various stories that occurred in the process. Among them, I would like totalk to mankind about petroleum, which has been the most important energy source of the past fewcenturies and is still the most important source of energy.1. Is oil trulya blessed substance?I often thoughtthat I wanted to be Mansour when I didnt want to study in school. That meantthat I didnt want to worry about anything if I could be oilrich like Mansour.But when I felt the harmful effects of oil while reading this book, thatthought disappeared. OPEC founder Juan Pablo Perez Alfonso described oil asthe devils waste. He said that while oil may be a blessinglike property, itcould have a strong negative impact on peoples psychology and motives. Forexample, Venezuela was an oilrich country, but its economy and society bothrelied on oil exports and its people became lazy. Also, Russia, which reliedtoo heavily on oilproducing wealth, lost its national resources. Also, fromthe 1990s to the 2000s, Russias oil revenues dominated Russias economy andpolitics. There was no hesitation in robbing or stealing oil, and so manycompanies jumped into the oil business that in the end Russia lost its oilproductivity. After trial and error, Russia was able to win the title of theworlds largest oil producer again in the 2010s, but it was forced to lose alot in the process. Through these examples, we have been able to see that toomuch reliance on oils wealth has a bad effect on the country as a whole from alongterm perspective.2. Oil can be aweapon.Oil not onlycontrols the economy and politics of the country, but it can also be a weapon.Oil became an important weapon because of the outbreak of World War II. Assuch, fears have arisen that oil can be depleted after several wars, andentering the 21st century, oil is not only simply securing it, but alsoaffecting the overall economy, politics and security of various countries. Theenergy security that oil importing countries think is the stability of supply,and the energy security that oil exporting countries think is the stability ofdemand is the stability of demand. It is a sensitive part of building energysecurity that requires consideration of many factors, such as the countryssystem, size, and time margin. Oil could be a sensitive issue betweencountries, with the Washington Energy Conference launching the InternationalEnergy Trust to keep oil from being used as a weapon.3. Depletion ofOilWhen I was a child, school always taught me that the depletion of oil was notfar off. I thought this expression not far away was very vague, and I didntrealize it was a matter of great importance. But by reading this book, I feltthat oil would someday run out, and we must prepare for it. In the book,several scholars explain the theory of oil depletion, and according to the PlateauOil Theory, oil will enter the plateau, which will accelerate production for afew decades and then maintain a constant flat surface. Then, output willgradually decrease. Also, Herbert Peake presented the peak theory that US oilproduction would reach its peak between 1965 and 1970. The theory of peak oiland plateau oil have in common that we should eventually find energy to replaceoil. Also, it is important to find a substitute for oil, even to solve thepolitical and security problems of various countries.4. CarbohydrateHuman, BioenergySo to find energy to replace oil, what should we do in the future?The answer can be found in renewable energy. There have been many efforts tocreate renewable energy to replace oil, but bioenergy has been most impressiveto me."The hydrocarbon humans, who dominated the oil era in the 20th century,will give way to carbohydrate humans as time changes," which means thatbiofuels are becoming a new source of energy by replacing oil. In particular,the ethanol market has been on track to some extent, with the amount of ethanolcurrently mixed in gasoline in the United States reaching nearly 900,000 barrelsa day. Of course, the energy efficiency of ethanol is still very low. Celluloseethanol, one of the ethanol, is cheap in raw material costs, but the cost ofthe process is high. To manufacture cellulose ethanol costs four times as muchas a corn ethanolmaking facility. While there is controversy over when ethanoland other biofuels will become practical, Stephen Kunin, the U.S.Undersecretary of Energy for Energy Science, said, Because of environmentalissues, biofuels will eventually account for about 20 percent of the globaldemand for automotive fuel. To do so, problems with technology, price, scaleand environment will have to be solved.Oil brings wealth, but on the back of itlies a terrifying monster. Countries that relied solely on oil lost theirmagnetism and caused instability in many countries. The obvious thing is, wemust find energy to replace oil. To do so, continuous research and interest inrenewable energy is needed.