The role ofenergy is really big. Because it lights up our room, is the driving force ofour transportation, and turns the factory of all around the world. But this isnot all. Energy changes peoples views, creates policies, and even seriouslyleads to war. In other words, the power of energy has grown big enough to havea global impact, thereby increasing the worlds obsession with energy. Afterreading Daniel Yergins book Energy 2030, I was able to gain a wealth ofknowledge about the energy field, including the historical battle betweenenergy sources, the reason why typical energy became the main source of energy, the direction ofalternative energy sources, the problems generated by energy development, andthe development of energy based on various problems. Therefore, I would like towrite a book report on the implications of energy from books and the globalimpact of energy.1. Can wepromote the safety of the new energy source that determines the future of theworld?Chapter 2 ofthe book talks about the future supply of energy. Oil will run out in almostforty years. As an alternative, natural gas, shale gas and LNG gas, which areliquefied natural gas, emerge. Also, another example is an electric car with ablue license plate that we often see these days. Hydrogen cars using hydrogenas an alternative source that is learnt in class have also emerged to me as analternative energy source. According to the lecture, fuel cell is a galvaniccell that produces electricity by converting the chemical energy of a fueldirectly into electricity without burning the fuel. It works by using hydrogento generate water and electricity. However, hydrogen is a highly flammablehighpressure gas, so we have to be very careful about. Some also regard thehydrogen charging station itself as a dangerous facility due to anxiety overthe explosion of the Gangneung hydrogen storage tank in Korea in 2019.Therefore, we must move 100 percent to alternative energy sources but seeksafety before the mainstream energy resources are completely depleted.2. An energy gap, such as the gapbetween rich and poorChapter 3 of thebook tellsof a world that has changed 180 degrees since the discovery of Thomas Edisonslight bulb production method. However, it is important that there are manyareas where electricity is not available even after 140 years since theinvention of the light bulb. In developing countries, the lack of electricitythreatens the lives of many people. After I found out about this, I reflectedon my life. Living in an advanced country, I dont mind wasting electricity continuingnot to turn off the lights when I go out. However, on the other side of theglobe, there are people who are in danger because of no electricity. While Iwas thinking about the cause and solution of this problem, I remembered a TEDlecture I had taken before. After watchinglt;Global ethic vs. national interestgt;, I really liked theway the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom thought. According to him, interests ofhis country and the global interests of preventing poverty caused by energygap, are consistent from a longterm perspective. So, he thinks the shorttermcost of providing the third world people with fundamental rights such as rightsto be safe, is well worth it, allowing people to feel comfortable with eachother and communicate with each other so that countries can form stronger unityin the end. Therefore, it is necessary to feel the need to supply basic energy,such as electricity, to the third world, as it is important for the country toachieve global unity from a longterm perspective.3. Thethreat of global warmingChapter 3 ofthe booktells us that the existence of greenhouse gases was revealed by people whowanted to study climate, but no discussion has been made since then on theproblems of greenhouse gases. However, as time went by, the Earths temperaturerose and interest in the greenhouse effect increased, and eventuallycooperation between countries is now expanding. The problem is that no realsolution has been secured yet. The current trendof globalization is clearly pursuing own countrys interests and global morality.Both must be pursued, but they are bound to collide. Hence, we have to balanceour own interests with global morality. However, for example, the U.S. declaredthey would leave the Paris climate agreement, which means that they will onlyvalue their own interests, excluding the morality of global environmentalpollution. However, we should not have the same idea as the U.S. because, byhaving a longer perspective, investing for welfare, the environment, andpreventing famine are helpful to our country, to our planet in the future. Inother words, we should have mind that what you have done will come back. Inaddition, there are some ways we can use the current of the presentglobalization to establish a more humane, more egalitarian, and more secure,yet prosperous world