Book ReportYounghak ParkThe QuestEnergy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World written by Daniel Yergin, a renown Pulitzer prize winner,highlights the role of how energy sources manipulated and influenced the interactionsbetween generations, national borders, societies, and individual livesthroughout history and time. Known for his previous work, The Prize TheEpic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power, Yergin has established a lavish reputationas a leading expert in the field of energy and as a compelling storyteller. Inthis book, Yergin shares his erudite insights on how energy sources have becomethe powerhouse behind the changes and the conflicts of the modern global politicsand economy. He sorts fascinating stories that have taken place behind closeddoors, discusses riveting and rigorous challenges poised by the prominentsources of energy coal, electricity, and natural gas. Additionally, Yerginintroduces how humanity’s exploitation of fossil fuel have impacted climatechange, thereby, explaining the need to replace fossil fuels with renewableresources and refining policies and technologies to enhance energy efficiency. Furthermore,he expands his topic to the future of energy sources and how it will redefineour world. Nonetheless, The Quest depicts how, what, and who will ultimatelyreshape the fate of our future. Through this remarkable book I came to realizethe importance of the position that energy plays in our society; energy is whatshifts and shapes our modern societies, and it will continue to reign as the hegemonyof human decisions in whatever form it pleases. Therefore, as stewards of theearth, humans must scrutinize and ameliorate the effects of energy usage and efficiencyto prolong life and existence in this planet.The Quest journeys through 6 different stories to take us on an explorationof the energy industry. The first part of the book, “The New World of Oil”, revolvesaround a center theme rising demand of energy in the developing world. Yerginexplains that shortly after major historical events such as the Gulf War, the dissolutionof the USSR, and the emergence of China’s influence, the geopolitical structureof world started to change, new nations such as the Stans’ emerged into thescene, and the increasing demand for energy has change the energy system. In mylimited understanding, I deem that Yergin points out that the challenge ofdemand for energy is not a challenge that we face as individual states or regions,but rather as a whole and a race. In the second section, “Securing the Supply”,Yergin explains how scarcity of energy sources affected geopolitics, worldeconomy, and domestic and international political policies. In this segment, Yerginexplicitly shows how far humanity is divided into different nations to tackleand seize the energy sources from each other. If the second part of the book placednations and global players as its main actors, the third part of the book, “TheElectric Age”, places household and individuals to the vantage point. We livein a world where electricity a necessity, and the dominance of electricity iscontinually growing. However, majority of electricity production still reliesheavily on coals and fossil fuels. Thus, Yergin poise a crucial challenge of theenergy industry new fuel choice. The part four of this book, “Climate andCarbon”, shifts the topic to climate change and the impact caused by the currentenergy source. This section of the book serves to persuade the reason as wellas the mission to cure climate change to the audience. In the light of new resolutions,Yergin emphasizes that government policy on energy could possibly be the answerfor today; carbon taxes and funding alternative energy source research anddevelopment are two of his suggestions. Part five, “New Energies”, examines potentialrenewable energy resources and their technology such as wind, solar, biofuel,and nuclear power. However, Yergin concludes that none of these alternatives canserve to replace fossil fuels at this point of time. Lastly, part six, “TheRoad to the Future”, highlights new technological innovations consideringenergy like the electric car, hydrogen fuel cells, compressed natural gasvehicles, and biofuel technology. Yergin closes by asserting that the current energyindustry must look to enhance the efficiency of energy production.Energy is arguablythe most prominent reason behind the recent prolific advancement in humanhistory. To be exact, it is the technology that enable humans to utilize energysource into our advantage that gave us the competence to reshape our lives forgood. However, being born and raised in the time where electricity, computers, cars,and batteries are natural, I have grown a manner of disregarding the importanceof energy and its production in my life. The Quest has truly led me on anexploration of energy industry to understand the primal role that energy playsin our society and the challenges it conveys. Now it is evident that politicalpowers will start conflicts and install new policies to secure energy sources, becauseenergy is what fuels the economy, thus, the future. After reading this, I cameto recognize that the world has to face the challenge of energy source and productiontogether, rather than quarreling each other to secure scarce sources. Additionally,Yergin’s book has unlocked a vision for me to look at the problem of the energyindustry from a different perspective. With climate change becoming an imminentthreat to our earth, I have only assumed that alternative energy sources to replacefossil fuels were the only solutions. Through his works, I have comprehended thatwe are faced with the truth that our search for new sources and its technology isat its infancy, and fossil fuel usage is still an unconditional option. However,Yergin had successfully draw my attention to look towards aspects of thepolices and the efficiency considering energy. I believe that the true questthat Yergin wants to imply to the inhabitants of the 21st century,at this stage, is not the challenge to search for a possible replacement of thefossil, but is the search for the ways to implement healthy and efficientprocedures of using fossil fuels while continuing research on renewableresources.