Book Review – “The Quest” by Daniel YerginKwon, SangaRecently, I saw a picture in a news article,which greatly surprised me. The photo I saw was a comparison of nitrogendioxide before COVID19 and afterCOVID19 . Before COVID19, nitrogen dioxide was markedin dark yellow in much of China and around Seoul. However, after COVID19, the amount ofnitrogen dioxide had decreased dramatically to the point where it was almostimpossible to find yellow. It means that air quality around China and Korea iscleaner than ever. That was because COVID19 has reduced human activities,including the imposition of the blockade in many countries around the world andsocial distancing. In other words, even though humans were frustrated byrestrictions on outside life, the Earth began to breathe – and it was "Paradoxof COVID19."After seeing this picture, I looked up a lot ofnews related to "Paradox of COVID19," and saw the news that rareanimals that were hard to be seen before COVID19 were observed, and I feltthat human life and the energy used by humans gave a really big influence tothe global environment. Therefore, I was particularly impressed with the booksone part the relationship between carbon dioxide and climate change. Inparticular, it was interesting that Arenius considered global warmingpositively. Because it was interesting that global warming, which has emergedas a mustsolve problem in the modern global society, was interpreted as a positivephenomenon in the past because it would prevent the ice age of the Earth. Itwas also interesting to see how Keeling proved the Callendar effect, whichclaimed that the higher the Earths carbon dioxide, the higher the Earthstemperature. Also, the Keeling curve’ in the book, even if there were littlevoices of alarm about global warming at the time, came as if something reallyserious had happened.Furthermore, in fact, before I read this book, Inever thought about why the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris Agreement were aimedat reducing carbon dioxide emissions, not saving water or kind of other thingsthat can help Earth. However, I think I got to know why they persist and claimthat we should reduce carbon dioxide, and also, I got to be better at understandingthe stances of countries related to global warming, for an instance, India. Besides, even though many countries efforts to prevent global warming havealso come to light, but I could also feel that some kind of unseen fight of the power between countries regarding reducing carbon dioxide emissions.Actually, the contents of the book were so vastthat I wondered what to focus on in this book review, but these days, the contentrelated to the "Paradox of COVID19" is so interesting that I wroteabout carbon and climate. In fact, to tell you about the literally “Bookreviewexperience”,it was very hard to read the book completely. Although I spent eight daysreading this book, there were some parts that I didnt fully understand. However,as I read the book, I felt like I am being a smart university student and proudto learn about many important facts and knowledge like the history of energythat we useoil problem, natural gases, also, electricity, global warming, andthe knowledge of renewable energy like PV, which has become a major issue nowadays.I felt that I still lacked my knowledge to fully understand the facts relatedto energy. So far, scientists who have studied what energy is, and how it ispreserved and converted, whether visible or invisible are all awesome.I think energy is essential to human life, andit is very important to make human life move. The book predicts that whilefossil fuels such as oil will be used as the main source of energy by the next20 years, batterypowered cars will prevail over oil if they solve problemssuch as cost and complexity. In conclusion, I felt that it was very importantto think about how to use energy more efficiently while reducing environmentalpollution while reading this book.