In the past, we human beings have been using energy in diverse ways and resources. Back in the earliest civilizations, the energy was used by living animals. However, as time passed by society changed. With its sophisticated technological development, we met the Industrial Revolution. This was a significant stage, where energy sources were from coal. There was also wind power energy, as well as many other kinds of changes and sources to the world. In the book “The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World”, the author Daniel Yergin profoundly illustrated the use of energy from political and scientific points of view. Divided into six sections, the book touched upon various events related to the energy sources in society. The New World of Oil, Securing the Supply, The Electric Age, Climate and Carbon, New Energies, and the Road to the Future. Each chapter mentioned different conflicts and how they developed. Among the topics, I was especially interested in the section on Climate and Carbon. Since the mid20th century, the term “Climate Change” has been mentioning numerous times. As the author wrote in his book, Climate is something much bigger and farreaching than the term weather’. Climate is not experienced on a daily basis; however, it can give longterm effects on people and the environment. As the temperature of our planet rises, animals move to escape the heat. They may then lead to go to places they shouldn’t. This can make them spread germs and possibly expand them to humans. Perhaps the pandemic of the Coronavirus might have been due to climate change as well. Reading this section, I was able to connect the current pandemic with the climate change problem we have been facing for some time. I was reminded of the importance of saving the environment healthy for we humans are affected by them at the end of the day. Energy is an enormous part of our lives in which we humans use daily. Often times, the most obvious things in life are the most important and we forget to feel gratitude. As I read this book, I was able to remind myself of the significance of energy and the dependence we all have on it. This book taught me the concepts of energy together with the political and scientific background. It gave me an opportunity to think about climate change and how it can damage people. The crisis of climate change is still a problem today and in order to keep our planet safe. the world should be conscious of the fatal effects we might directly receive from climate change. Chang Hye Min