lt;The Questgt; explains energys past, present, and future. The past is mainly about fossil fuels and electricity, while the present and future is mainly about utilizing electricity, developing renewable energy, and replacing fossil fuels with other forms of bioenergy. This book is very long, and it contained a lot of information, but it was relatively easy to finish it because it was full of interesting facts and stories. The most interesting fact was that energy problem is closely connected with economic issues. Before reading this book, I used to think that energy is just about chemistry and physics, but in the real world, especially in the global situation, energy was related with plenty of individual and collective interests, which resulted in complex conflicts between groups and nations. Another interesting part was about glaciers. Reading those texts that describes how glaciers are gigantic and how they represent climate changes, I was fascinated. I was fascinated just like Tyndall did. Actually, I think I was fascinated at not only the characteristics of glaciers, but at the process how scientists found out the climate change problems. It took almost 80 years to realize the relationship between climate change and carbon dioxide in atmosphere, but the process of recognizing "climate" problems and other environmental figures was amazing. Scientists all over the world didnt stop to explore things they dont understand. Although lots of them died without being acknowledged by the academic world, and lots of their hard work was easy to be neglected, they didnt stop to explore what they wanted to explore. I think this procedure is almost same as the process of an artist creating an artwork. At the last chapter of this book, the author says that "The most important resource is human creativity". I was sympathized at this word. The most important resource is human creativity. Today, sometimes it seems like there is no hope in this world. The climate problem is getting worse day by day, and humans have not been able to overcome a virus for a year. However, his word gave me hope. Humans will somehow find a way out. We humans always face new problems, but we will always be able to overcome them as long as we have creativity and passion.