2030 에너지 전쟁" explains the process of energy development and describes that new energy will inevitably emerge in the future due to oil depletion and climate change. To summarize this book briefly, Part I and II deal with oilrelated wars, political issues and depletion issues. Part 3 tells the story of Edisons discovery of electricity and the development of electrical technology. Part 4 presents similar contents to our lectures, dealing with the changes in glaciers caused by carbon increase and climate change. Parts 5 and 6 will therefore inevitably feature renewable energy and will tell the story of future energy visions and electric vehicles.I have always been interested in renewable energy, especially green mobility related to Green New Deal, so impressively I have read the contents of 4, 5, and 6. As the contents of the book are vast, I will focus on parts 4, 5, and 6 in this review.The author of the book explains that new renewable energy will emerge due to climate change, and that the era of electric vehicles will come. Despite the book written in 2013, writer have a very objective view of electric vehicles. I agree with this author to some extent. In addition to infectious diseases such as COVID 19, the world should start reducing greenhouse gases. This is because Pandemic, such as COVID 19, is related with climate change. The World Health Organization is warning of continued outbreaks of unpredictable infectious diseases. As long as climate change continues, the outbreak of Pandemic does not end with COVID 19. With climate change becoming visible, greenhouse gas reduction has become a global challenge, and each country presents the most urgent policy for the conversion of renewable energy to automobiles, which account for about 14 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. The EU, the U.S., Japan, China and South Korea will announce the Green New Deal, setting the target number of electric and hydrogen vehicles and providing subsidies, showing the transition to visible renewable energy.In order to switch to renewable energy, we need to switch from combustion cars to green mobility. Although the demand for electric cars certainly increases, theres always a question about it. South Koreas green mobility is largely divided into HEVs, PHEVs, EVs, and FCEVs , so it is going to talk about EVs and FCEVs that are showing the biggest growth. When I was an elementary school student about 10 years ago, many people said that it would be converted to ecofriendly energy, but there was not much change in 10 years. Its only becoming visible now, but I think its still a long story. In the case of electric vehicles, subsidies are gradually decreasing due to the growing share of electric vehicles, and considering that electric cars are 40 million won and combustion cars are 25 million won, it is burdensome to buy electric cars without subsidies. The method is to reduce the price of electric cars by cutting costs with economies of scale, but it is questionable whether an economy of scale can be achieved with the reduction of subsidies. Although the infrastructure of electric vehicle charging stations has been secured to some extent, there are still opinions that they are still uncomfortable. In the case of hydrogen cars, I think it is a little more difficult . Because hydrogen cars have less energy pollution than electric cars, the supply of hydrogen cars is more important for the environment, but the price of hydrogen cars is about 60 million won, which is more expensive than electric cars. Not only is hydrogen fuel expensive, but there are only 32 charging stations, which is inconvenient. Therefore, I think a little stronger policy is needed for the transition to renewable energy.In addition, besides the renewable energy mentioned in this book, I think offshore wind power is also good renewable energy. This is because the nature of wind power is greatly influenced by government policy, and while the land wind industry is stagnant, the offshore wind power industry is now emerging. As mentioned earlier, it is regrettable that the book has not been mentioned about various renewable energy sources since it was written in 2013. If this writer releases a new energyrelated book in 2021, I would like to read it once.