I started to drive car this year with my mom’swhite old car. Before driving, I had no idea of what energy is, why the priceof petroleum changes everyday, why political happenings effect the energy price,etc. However, as the oil price directly affects my account balance, I startedto check oil price everyday like checking stocks even though I did not know whatexactly petroleum is. At an appropriate moment I could read this book, and thisbook gave me the new perspective of looking energy besides just fuel needed to drive my car.This book starts with telling stories aboutpetroleum. Many political happenings control the price of petroleum or viceversa. Petroleum is one of the most important factors that sustain one country’seconomy so there was intense international competition over major countries to getcontrol power over petroleum after Gulf war. Also, major countries competed becauseof oil pipeline and further explains geopolitical factors that causedcompetitions among countries. First part of this book ends with explaining Chinawhich getting control over petroleum dramatically and this resulted in rising uncertaintyin oil market. In second part of the book, author explains about energysecurity and the efforts of countries who tried to secure energy security. Also,Shale gas which brought revolution to energy market became important energysource which can be maintained at least a hundred years. In chapter 3, book talksabout electricity which changed the world dramatically and brought innovationto many industry fields after Edison invented electricity in 1882. The author saysthat to maintain electrical power, we would have a hard time to choose whatkinds of energy to make electricity in future. In chapter 4, the book talksabout process how climate change became major international problem these days.In late 1950, some experts started to recognize global warming problem, andthis became international agenda like Rio declaration and Kyoto protocol. Afterthat global warming plays an important role of political leaders and CEO’sdecision making. In chapter 5, the book talks about the progress of renewableenergy like Solar energy, wind power and bio energy. Developing renewableenergy was entirely driven by political power and new technologies has beendeveloped for developing energy. In the final chapter, it starts with explainingethanol energy. Ethanol has been used for making energy before 1970 but thereare problems with this energy either. Also, vehicle industry has been changedwith the progress of energy. After oil price has increased, Toyota Prius gainedits power in US and Electric motor vehicle is trying to get over existing carsin these days.While reading this book, the most interestingpart of the book was political happenings surrounding petroleum market. Due to theimposed embargo on oil importing in Arabic countries and political threat in Iran,the oil price has increased dramatically. After oil price has increased, the Soviet Unionhad gained profit and could confront US. Also, after 911 terror, US tried to bedependent on oil from other countries because it directly is linked withnational security. Before reading this part, I did not know why the oil pricechanges everyday. However I realized that major political decisions affect every little part of demandand supply of oil so analyzing oil price is very complicated and has greatest power over countries which can cause division and cooperation.It was not easy to read this book which is over 800 pages. However, while reading this book , I recognized that there were many incidents linked with energy problem how they progressed to reach this high level of technology. This book gave me the new insight of understanding energy and how energy that we use will change in the future. I strongly recommend this book to gain knowledge and insight of energy that would lead our life better or worse in the future and imagine what aspects of our life would be different in the future. by 글로벌경제학과 15학번 김채은