“The Quest” Book ReviewSeonik Jang As I read through the book the quest’ byDaniel Yergin, I soon realized that this is more than just a history of energyand energy security. It includes very recent developments, including the crisisat the Japanese nuclear power plant in Fukushima, the Arab Spring, and even thedeath of Osama bin Laden. However, although it has been a discussion of thepast decade mainly focused on future developments, there is still a stronghistorical dimension to this book. For example, Yergin refers to a new GreatGame. He explores the evolution of climate change science and the history ofelectricity in detail. In discussing the latter, he considers the strugglebetween Edison and Westinghouse and how Samuel Insull has revolutionized thedistribution of electricity to make it much easier to use. He also providesdetails of the history of climate change, tracking the origins of Al Gorescommitment to the subject, starting with John Tindalls study of glaciers in1856. Certain key topics that students are familiar with not only the historyof oil and energy, but also the history of the global economy. The surprisinglyrecent enormous impact on the production of conversion from energy produced byhumans and animals to energy using fossil fuels; the impact of globalization;the outcome of interKorean dialogue and contradictory goals of developed anddeveloping countries are both central to this task. Yet Yergin clearly believesin the importance of individuals beyond a wide range of historical trends.Throughout the book, he offers brief thumbnail sketches of specific individualsand companies. Sometimes I felt that emphasis on individuals and anecdotes tookprecedence over identification and exploration of historical trends, butwithout doubt it would make books more accessible to more readers.In terms of the future of energy, Yerginemphasizes the importance of renewable energy sources but makes it clear that heis skeptical about the peak oil concept. He stresses that this is far fromthe first time there have been a fear of shortage in oil. This is certainlytrue, and it is true that a new source of oil was previously found in a timegap. However, most of the new oils that are currently being found are eithervery difficult to produce or far from the market or both. For example, oil fromshale oil is undoubtedly expensive in both environmental and financial terms.Yergin also emphasizes the importance of natural gas, especially shale gas. Heseems less concerned about the cost of exploiting shale oil through a"cracking" process than some modern critics.In a broad discussion of internationalaffairs and politics, Yergin highlights a number of topics. For example, hehighlights the importance of pipeline policies, pointing to fierce disputes overroutes used to transport gas and oil from the Caspian Sea to European markets.The interesting topic Yergin emphasizes is the rivalry between the UnitedStates and China, which is just beginning to be recognized in the extensiveliterature on politics of international oil. His basic message is theimportance of innovation and supply diversity in both oil supply andalternative energy sources. He goes back to Winston Churchills view of the1913, discussing the consequences of moving from the coalfired navy to anoilfueled fleet. Befittingsomeone who has written oil history, he is well aware of the close relationshipbetween the Middle Easts history and tensions on the one hand, and secures theoil supply on the other. In this regard, he isparticularly concerned about Irans possible acquisition of nuclear weapons. Heis well aware of the impact of growth on economies and energy demand indeveloping countries. Yergin also emphasized what he used to call conservation,but changed its name to efficiency. Of course, this has been acknowledged forsome considerable period of time since the 1973 oil crisis. But he would be toooptimistic about the potential contribution of efficiency to energy security.It is important to emphasize that conservation is most attractive at a timewhen energy prices are high. When oil prices fell in the 1980s, interest inconservation increased.In this book, Yergin shows the world thecontinuing centrality of energy, and as a result, shows how energy securityremains a preconceived notion of government, business and individual. Heemphasizes the importance of efficiency, but his research on the increasing useof energy and the inevitability of increasing energy use, especially in rapidlydeveloping countries, makes it clear that these concerns will not disappear. Heshows that a factor that drove oil diplomacy in the early 20th century, whichmade it impossible for major consumers of petroleum to be selfsufficientbecause they were not the same as major producers of petroleum, still remainstoday. China may be a major producer of coal, and indeed an oil producer, butit still relies on overseas energy supplies and has had to adopt policies to secureadequate supplies for the future. He expects renewable sources of energy, notfossil fuels, to become increasingly important in the coming years, despite hispositive discussions about the future of access to fossil fuels. Overall, thisbook shows Daniel Yergin is primarily optimistic about the future of energysecurity. Looking back in the past, he shows that mankind has found a solutionwhen faced with obvious insurmountable challenges such as the expected declinein oil production, the beginning of climate change, and the impact of MiddleEastern politics on oil security. Yergin concludes the book by sayingcreativity is the core of exploration, and its as much about the human mind astechnology, so this is why its never going to end. He emphasizes the search for knowledge and innovation,points to the globalization of energy demand, and concludes that the resourcebase for knowledge and creativity is expanding. This will fuel insight and creativityto find new solutions. I think the whole book is actually designed to provethat this optimistic approach is based on historical precedent.