There are no concerns about human or natural threats to energy security chains. It was mainly about international relations between actors, how they implement their strategies, and their results on their behavior in relation to their national interests. The first act of oil disaster on the international stage took place in 1911. Oil was replaced by coal when Churchill decided to renew the Navys dominance over the worlds oceans. Favor the Navy against the German Navy in a world power competition over the seas. In fact, the use of oil is based on Persian oil rather than Welsh coal. Faced with such a challenge, the First Lord of the Admiralty responded with a diversification of the supply principle to implement Britains energy security. Today, energy security is the cornerstone of the foreign policy of any industrialized country, especially new ones like China. It revealed a national interest in providing reliable power to sustain economic growth and political stability.In general, the dimensions of energy security were a triangle energy security Physical safety is the protection of infrastructure and sea lanes. The availability of energy supply is a countrys ability to develop physical, contractual, and commercial energy sources. International organizations will harmonize national policy in the event of producer restrictions or consumer restrictions. The ban is a decisive factor that has led to an oil rush between companies and countries. At various points in history, this undermines the alliance between Western governments because of the enormous societal pressure on the political government. The main purpose of energy security is to promote investment and innovation so that timely supply and demand can be met in the market.At the 1974 Washington Energy Conference after the first oil crisis, the International Energy Agency was established to balance the power of OPECs suppliers. The purpose is to manage "oil weapons" to neutralize attempts by suppliers to impose embargoes on one of their customers. In fact, today it is the United Nations that controls sanctions plans for providers like Sudan and Iran to implement "oil weapons" against their political will. The power of oil customers is far greater than that of suppliers. The IEA needs to help members share strategic oil bags in the event of turmoil, regardless of their origin, political business, or natural disaster. The principle is to share information about the needs of our members so that everyone can trust each other. This reduces the incentive to mess up oil and makes the market less responsive. IEA members have a capacity of 1.5GB, which is about 700MB in the US Strategic Oil Reserve. This represents Irans production for two years.Since the institution was founded, he has begun three stock exchange processes. In fact, the 1991 Gulf War The year established a new framework for cooperation between IEA and OPEC. This opens up a new dialogue between producers and consumers, the goal of which is to ensure the stability of the oil market, which is about 90 million barrels per day. A new organization has been established. The International Energy Forum accounts for about 90 of the worlds oil production and consumption. Share energy data between producers and consumers to increase market transparency and improve market efficiency and regulatory role. Based on this information, reserve capacity may be deliberately deployed to oilexporting countries to avoid the risk of unnecessary price increases and shortages. It also means providing reasonable investment incentives. However, some risks may be uncovered by the market role. For example, oil supply chains are extremely vulnerable to cyberattacks. The grid, including the grid, is an important infrastructure. As a result, the great power of cyberspace can target this network and cause confusion. These powers regularly engage in cyber espionage, denial of service, malware injections, data theft, and more. Finally, these security matters are under the purview of the US military through cyber command and the NSA or the Navy. Safety is guaranteed in obstacles by the most powerful player which is the United States, not a new player, China. The job of the International Energy Forum is to convince a new player. Its purpose is to compete in the trade so that it does not turn into national animosity. In this context, the catchphrase of energy freedom may be a new solution. In fact, it was introduced by President R. Nixon in 1973 in response to US support for Israel in the Yom Kippur War in response to the use of oil weapons by Middle Eastern oil producers. Freedom of energy means only freedom of oil because the United States is almost selfsufficient in coal, nuclear energy, hydraulics, and gas. In 2005, the United States imported 60 of its oil. Today, US oil production increased by 25 between 2008 and 2012, causing oil imports to fall by 42 in 2012. This new growth in nonconventional oil production, which includes Brazils overseas shelves and Canadas oil sands, is enabling the Western Hemisphere to avoid oil imports from the Middle East. Instead, these products will supply the Asian market, especially China, and will stabilize the market. Yae Rim Park