“The Quest”was written by Daniel Yegin, whois considered the most influential man in the energy field, and the thickness ofthe book was enormous, so I had high expectations that it would cover the pastand the future of energy even before I read it. While reading the book, Istrongly felt that Daniel Yegin wanted to explain energy by dividing it into"traditional energy" such as petroleum and natural gas, and "newenergy" including new energy and renewable energy. More specifically,petroleum has changed the world, but he defines it as a resource whose importanceis so great that it makes countries around the world struggle and a resource thathas a bad influence on the environment due to carbon emissions. On the otherhand, new and renewable energy is still unfamiliar and cannot replace petroleumright now, but he call it a new alternative energy that will make a cataclysmicchange in the energy system and drive out traditional energy. Daniel Yegin saysthe importance of energy will be extremely high in the future and new changesto new alternative energy will also come.The first part of this book gives a starkpicture of the petroleumdominated reality. The United States, China, andRussia, which are fighting for global hegemony, desperately need petroleumhelp. Only when they are not swayed by petroleum can they be said to have astrong hegemony. In other words, petroleum itself is power because it is aresource that can shake our daily lives. It also refers to the "oilshock" that showed this. The war in the Middle East, which produces petroleum,has led to economic recession in developed countries and at the same time tostagflation, rising prices and even unemployment. Political struggles in Iranand Saudi Arabia have also sent the world economy into recession. The war inthe Middle East, the political struggle of a Middle Eastern country that is notclose to us, has shaken the economy not only in Korea but around the world onlybecause most of the petroleum is produced in theMiddle East. Following the global economic recession caused by petroleum, ithas been known one after another that fossil fuels including petroleum have a badimpact on the global environment. The most common bad effect is global warming,which causes greenhouse gases such as carbon from fossil fuels to heat up theEarth. In fact, the problem of petroleum has become more apparent becauselargescale glaciers have melted due to global warming, causing polar bears tolose their place to live, and the island to sink due to rising sea levels.When petroleum problems surfaced, the worldbegan to look for new energy to replace them. The book also mentions theproblems caused by carbon generated from petroleum and efforts to preserve theglobal environment such as "Rio Environmental Conference" and beginsthe story of new energy in earnest from part 5. New alternative energy can belargely divided into new energy’ and renewable energy’. New energy is newlydeveloped energy, not traditional energy such as petroleum and natural gas,which includes fuel cells, coal liquefied gas, and hydrogen energy. Renewableenergy is energy used by converting renewable energy such as sunlight, wind,and water into electricity and fuel. The most encouraging thing about thedevelopment of new alternative energy is that the oilrich Middle Easterncountry is also at the forefront of the development of new energy, andgovernments and commercial enterprises around the world are working on thedevelopment and commercialization of new and renewable energy. Although it is atimeconsuming and expensive development project and its proportion is insignificantnow, it is certainly hopeful that it is constantly developing new and renewableenergy without interruption.I think there will be many readers who viewthe future negatively rather than positively when reading this book and thinkingabout the future. The second half of the book also presents alternative energyas a new and renewable energy that will drive out traditional energy, but it istrue that developing and commercializing new and renewable energy takes a hugeamount of money and time, and it is easier and more costeffective to producecrude oil and refine it into petroleum with infrastructure already developed. Butin the end, it has to change, and we know the answer. We know that petroleum willsomeday run out, and we also know that the flow of energy system will changefrom traditional energy to renewable energy. We may be in the first row of thesolving process to get the exact answers we know. Wouldnt Daniel Yegin havenamed the book "The Quest "because he wants readers to participate in the quest for this solution? I lookforward to seeing some day when new and renewable energy completely replaces petroleum.