Energy has become too natural in everyday life. Civilization has evolvedwith energy and I think modern society can no longer survive without energy.Therefore, for energydependent countries like Korea, sufficient understandingof the energy market and efforts to secure resources are essential.The book covers the world situationsurrounding various resources and the strategies of countries. It seemed alittle difficult for me, who had no interest in energy or resources before, butI think this opportunity has given me a new perspective on energy.There are two main impressive insightsfrom this book. I could have a new perspective on the resources of oil and howrenewable energy, which has recently gained attention, has developed.First of all, issues related tooilproducing countries such as Russia, Arzebayan, and Kazakhstan over oil havegiven me a chance to rethink the political and economic influence of oil. Inthe case of Russia, the failure of the former Soviet regime caused the countryto revive for a short period of time through resources such as oil and naturalgas, even though panty stockings were not properly supplied and variousnecessities were scarce. Changes in the system and policies were alsoimportant, but the power of the resources themselves could be seen.Also in Arjebayan, I could tell thatoil was not just resources, but strategic and defense power and sovereignty,and that there was a big and small political conflict over the issue ofpipeline politics and early oil. In particular, Georgia, which was closelyrelated to this, was a poor independent country, but it was seen that it hadpolitical power as the pipeline emerged.I also learned new facts about Asiawhere we belong. As the nations rapid growth naturally follows the nationsrapid growth, OPEC increased output in the 1990s due to Asias rapid growth,which was hit hard by the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s. I was wellaware of the IMF economic crisis at the time, but I was not aware of the impactof the oil market, and it was amazing that the word "Jakartasyndrome" was coined depending on the situation. It also showed that oiland natural gas are closely related to the economy by watching other sectors ofthe economy, except for the gas industry, suffer economic damage, such ascurrency overvalued and export prices rising in a country that suddenly made alot of money through resources such as oil.I remember receiving a lot of concernand attention this year as oil prices fell sharply under the Covid19. I usedto think of crude oil only in terms of resources, but I think Ive come to knowa new perspective. In other words, crude oil moves on the basis of the marketprinciple of demandsupply, feeling that it has a powerful influence inpolitics and society around the world and that it is a symbolic presence inmodern society.Next I learned about renewable energyabout the efforts of early venture capitalists and scientists to replace fossilfuels. The history of the renewable energy industry is the history ofinnovation and startup spirit. It is not because they are satisfied withfossil fuels, which already occupy the overall energy market, but because theyhave developed them by steadily researching and investing new methods.Renewable energy is still insignificant in the overall energy market, as wellas at the time the book was released. However, despite various difficultiessuch as environmental awareness, interest in new energy, and falling interest,etc., through the energy crisis of the 1970s, innovation continues. Also, theseinnovations are becoming increasingly important, coupled with awareness ofgreenhouse gases and carbon emissions.Renewable energy is less energyefficient than fossil fuel energy used previously, is less utilized so far, andis relatively costly. However, many countries are striving to develop renewableenergy and support the revitalization of renewable energy by subsidizingelectric vehicles in Korea. While not optimistic about the prospect ofrenewable energy itself, we nevertheless thought that we should continue to beinterested in renewable energy because of the increasing use of energy and thelack of fossil fuels and the continued investment in renewable energyinnovation.Although this book was thick anddifficult to read for me who was not familiar with world history, it was verygood to realize once again the view that energy can be a resource and a nationalcompetitiveness, not just from the perspective of science. 김민석