2030 에너지 전쟁 Focused on the GlobalEconomy and the Prospects of Renewable Energy IndustryEungryeolKim"2030 에너지 전쟁 " is a book that for nonenergymajor like me, or business administration majors, can read with sufficientinterest and understanding. At first, I was appalled by the vast volume and thenumber of pages, but I had the impression that it covered variousenergyrelated stories through episodes and especially the relationship betweenenergy and international affairs with insight, rather than focusing on theprinciple of energy generation, or scientific data descriptions, .I thought that the contents of thebook were too vast and various to cover all in this book report.Therefore, this book report will focus on the relationship between energy andthe global economy that could have been thought of while reading this book as abusiness undergraduates, and the prospects for the renewable energy industrythat has recently been in the spotlight.1. The Impact ofResourcesamp;Energy on the Global EconomyIt has long been shown throughexamples that resources, or energy, affect the global economy. One of the mostrepresentative examples is the first and second oil shock. Cuts in oilproduction in the Middle East at that time caused oil prices to jump five timesin a month, having a huge impact on the global economy. In particular, Korea,which fostered heavy industries at this time, was also known to have been hit.The oil shock not only caused economic crises in the United States, Britain andother allies, but also led to a reversal of the economic policy stance itself.Keynes revised capitalism, based on the inverse relationship between existingemployment rates and inflation, no longer worked due to oil cuts and soaringoil prices, and this triggered a new era of neoliberalism represented byFriedman. As introduced in the book, resources influence the internationalsituation and, at the same time, the economic situation and even the globaleconomic policy stance.2. The Impact of the Global Economy onResources amp; EnergyEarlier, it was introduced thatresources and energy have a profound impact on the global economy. On thecontrary, however, the global economy has also had a significant impact on theresource and energy industries. Going back to the example of an oil shock, thishas caused governments interest in renewable energy. In 1979, the Carteradministration in the U.S. announced plans to intensively foster the solarenergy industry, saying, "There will be no entity who can ban solarenergy." Other countries had also begun to show interest in renewableenergy in order not to cause the economy to falter by resources. In otherwords, unlike recent climate change issues, the first reason of the interest inrenewable energy was the global economic issue at the time.3. Climate Change Issues and Growth ofthe Renewable Energy IndustrySince the 2010s, interest in therenewable energy industry has continued to grow as climate change has become aglobal agenda. As governments give incentives to renewable energy industriesand impose sanctions on energy sources that have contributed to environmentalpollution such as carbon emission regulations, investment is being attracted inearnest. As a result, there is a change in the primary energy source, solar andwind power industries, as well as the use of energy such as electric vehiclesand hydrogen cars. This is very clear through the stock market. In abroad, stockprices of Tesla and Nio have soared, as well as domestic stocks such as HyundaiMotors and CSWind have also been on a steep rise. In the end, I think thatchanges in resources and energy are not just came from changes in one factor,but only when various external factors such as politics, economy, business andindustries all fit together.4. ConclusionIn the conclusion, theresourceamp;energy industry of the future will be constantly affected by theinternational politic situation, economy, industry, and on the other hand, itwill affect them, too. Innovations in transportation, led by electric vehiclesand hydrogen cars, are expected in the near future, and research on new energysources and their use, such as power generation technologies using artificialsun, is endless in the long run. So how should I deal with this situation as abusiness student? Perhaps the answer is to be constantly interested in energyand resources and to look at the various issues linked to them and payattention to the overall trend of the industry.