This is a time when AlphaGo beats Lee Sedol, and cannot distinguish artificial intelligence from humanwritten novels. How should we take this fact? How are they different from humans? Why do humans fear and want to be beyond themselves?He moved an artificial intelligence lecture by a philosophy professor, who was enthusiastically supported by liberal arts students at Waseda University in Japan, to a book. When asked why a philosophy professor gives a lecture on artificial intelligence, the author replies, "Philosophy is essential in the age of artificial intelligence." Before we talk about robots that take away human jobs, we have to rethink robots and human beings "existence." Because technological evolution inevitably brings back the question of what is human?Chapter 1. Living with Artificial IntelligenceThe Relationship of Artificial IntelligenceI cant live without a smartphone already.be connected to man, machineThe Age of Talking to Robotsthe age of managing health by machineA Life Changing with Big DataHow has technology evolved?Deep Learning and Third Artificial Intelligence Boomselfrecognizing machine for catsArtificial intelligence that has acquired human brain functionHow long has artificial intelligence been following humans?"I will destroy mankind."Artificial Intelligence Challenges LyingSect. 2. Identity of Deep Learningtwo directions of artificial intelligence researchcreate a simplified model of the human brainthe relationship between base ear and beer.simplify brain movementselfaware artificial intelligenceDeep Learnings Key Selfinfluencedo not learn voluntarilyfind a trait that is not recognized by themselvesArtificial Intelligences Dark Dream Paintingselfprogramming artificial intelligencea desire to transcend oneselfIntelligent and Emotional Artificial Intelligencerunaway emotional artificial intelligenceChapter 3. What happens when artificial intelligence surpasses humans?Why do you need to go beyond your brain to your body?The Unique in Collaboration with Artificial Intelligenceorgans to be kept with a machineHumans are expanded by machines.Artificial intelligence has neither prejudice nor selfinterest.The machine finds and solves problems on its own.Artificial intelligence that has surpassed the limits of brain plasticity.Can I date artificial intelligence?Mutual Understanding of Man and Artificial IntelligenceWhy Samantha and Theodore Cant LoveIs HyperArtificial Intelligence God?Sect. 4. The Future of Mans Convergence with Machinerythe need for cyborgizationalready realized cyborgWhat is a cyborg?Movie Surrogate and Matsukoroidinsert robot function into human bodya superhuman sport in which humans and machines are united and compete.Technology and Disabled Sportsaugment a human being by strengthening abilitycyborg lens inserting into the eyeballMeaning of the Last SceneYou can turn off the switch just by thinking.direct communication between human brainsRats Become Smart With the help of ComputersChapter 5 Philosophy of Technologythe power of selforganization; the plasticity of the brain.plasticity of brain and plasticity of artificial intelligencedifference between brain and DNAThe Rise of Artificial Intelligence Beyond HumansPlatos question, still valid.Texting was also a skill.delegate memory to the outside world of mana letter breaks the will of a writerTo transcend oneself through skillSpeed, a pleasure and a horror.covet the desire of technologyWalter Benjamins theory of cloningMontage Technique and Camera Eyeman acts as an agent for machinerySentences act independently.Fusion of subjects and camera lensesSect. 6. Cyborg Economic Era2030s Mechanical EconomyWill Artificial Intelligence Take Human Jobs?machine production by machineArtificial Intelligence Economy in View of Demand and Supply Curvesthe emergence of a cyborg economyVirtual Case of Cyborg EconomyKey Points of Cyborg Economyfear of losing ones desireDesire circulates endlessly.the limitations of capitalismThe subject of capitalism changes.Aristotle and the Crisis of plasticityUse the accelerator pedal and brake alternately.economy is incorporated into technologyChapter 7 Thinking PosthumansCan I transfer my brain to a computer?mind uploading that has alreadyReal Case of Mind UploadingYou lose your individuality when you become a person loses his or her individuality.Posthumans, a deobjective aggregate.Are you happy to be a posthuman?happiness enhanced by technologyaccept fundamental pleasuresWe have to change into a "similar figure.Most people think that artificial intelligence or cyborg is clearly a story of the natural sciences, not a subject for liberal arts such as philosophy. But this is a great illusion and prejudice. This is because the "near future" in which artificial intelligence or cyborgs are realized requires more philosophy. Philosophy is the study of thinking about what is human? To go deeper, it is the study of comprehensively judging science and other disciplines. How should we accept artificial intelligence that can already be thought of on behalf of humans or cyborgs that will soon be created by the fusion of humans, machines and artificial intelligence? How are they different from humans? We must think of this problem. This evolution of technology once again asks us, What is human? p.9What should a selfdriving car do if a cat suddenly pops out onto the road? What should we do when humans pop out? Do I have to drive when the cat comes out, and when the human comes out, do I have to brake suddenly? In other words, you cant write code unless you set how much weight a cats life should be considered relative to human life. This is not a matter of technology, but a proposition of philosophy What is man? How is he different from a cat? How is human life different from a cat? Because artificial intelligence does not know what to do. p.10The technology of humans beyond humans is already within reach. Humans have a nature that does not reject skills that surpass them. It is human nature to enjoy the benefits of the technology of convenience and comfort, improving the quality of life and medical care, while at the same time making the situation annoying and annoying. p.60As long as one has desire, man wants to create skills that surpass him. It is time to start discussing the possibility of the emergence of artificial intelligence human beings, as long as they have the potential to surpass humans by utilizing biotechnology based on the potential of modern technology. Right now, we need to discuss fundamental human desires, not just discussions about the anxiety that artificial intelligence will surpass humans, or discussions about the latest technologies, but discussions about not having to worry about them yet, we need to discuss fundamental human desires. p.6263"The worlds strongest chess player is neither a computer nor a human being at the moment," that is, human machine is the strongest team. According to Kasparov, the winner of one tournament was two chess amateurs and three computers, and "the winner of the recent freestyle chess tournament is neither the best human nor the strongest computer." What this tells us is that a person who wins by teaming up with computers does not necessarily have to be an expert in the world. Those who have so far been recognized as experts have excelled in their knowledge and processing skills in the field of expertise. Freestyle chess, however, suggests that superior knowledge and processing skills in the professional field have become meaningless. Thats because you cant beat a computer by itself. These points, demonstrated by chess, apply equally to other areas. This is one of the collaborations at the unique point In this case, it is very important for humans to use computers as partners. p.75This is because selfdelusion leads to selfdestruction if the degree is excessive. That is why humans fear and dream of being beyond themselves. Human beings, led by the fundamental desire of plasticity, feel anxiety and fear from beings beyond themselves, but do not stop anticipating it. So, you may leave aside the question of whether the current AI boom will end as a oneoff, specifically when artificial intelligence will emerge beyond human beings. Rather, it is the biggest task given us to think about how to deal with these desires if human desire for being above ourselves continues. Its philosophy. You cant deal with this subject without philosophy. p.131Humans continue to test machines that surpass themselves through technology, feeling anxiety and fear, but constantly surpassing themselves. In ancient Egypt, he expressed caution against texting, saying it might go beyond the will of the writer, but today he has reached a situation where he may surpass the existence of human beings itself. Given this, we can see that human desire for technology has become more powerful than Plato lived in. Our desires fear these consequences but never stop.Artificial Intelligence Lectures by Philosophy Professors that Enthusiasticized Students"Once again, what is human?"Is it possible to explain complex AI in the language of liberal arts students? Not many people can describe AI, which consists of programming language, code analysis, as a language connected to our daily lives. One of them is Toru Takahashi, the author of the book. He teaches liberal arts students at Waseda University with a lecture titled "Technical Philosophy." A combination of technology and philosophy. As such, I was able to give lectures reflecting their opinions thanks to the closeup listening and feeling of the attitudes and thoughts of the liberal arts students dealing with artificial intelligence. Thats why I was able to write books tailored to the level of ordinary "literaturetype human beings."Currently, most artificial intelligence discourse focuses on human fears of losing jobs to robots. But the author deviates from that point of view and raises realistic questions that are more specific and close to everyday life. Artificial intelligence asks again how far we are now involved in our lives, whether we can have a real conversation with them, whether we can fall in love with them, how humans and machines are different, how we can combine and cooperate with machines, and what "human beings" are before developing technology. Like a philosophy professor, he not only excludes scientific terms such as algorithms, but also talks about the existence of humans and machines, citing familiar media examples such as "Gonggak University," "Her," and "Avatar." They are also willing to take advantage of reallife examples such as YouTube and SNS.Can I fall in love with artificial intelligence like Her?Is human cyborgs possible like the airborne?A man dumped by a robot.Theodore, the male lead in the movie Her, falls in love with Samantha, an artificial intelligence operating system. Audiences who watched the movie were deeply moved and sympathized with the movie, saying it was the birth of a new love, let alone repulsions. This is because the fact that Samantha, the main female character, is an operating system without substance, rather created the narrative of "love that is possible only by heart without body." Here the author asks again about what happens when love between man and machine is possible. Thanks to the belief that human beings always have an edge over machines, we could not even imagine the equal relationship between machines and humans.However, the fact that love is possible as the relationship between the two has become ambiguous leads to a story that machines may soon surpass humans. In fact, in the movie, Samantha evolves into a hyper artificial intelligence that not only Theodore but also has a romantic relationship with 641 people at the same time. Theodore eventually gives up his love with her. It is even possible to interpret that "human beings have been dumped by machines." The movie showed that the way humans treat machines and the way their relationships continue to change, shaking even their natural feelings.a human being who wants to be a robot.Meanwhile, the animation Gonggak Uprising deals with human cyborgs. It is a story of a human who implanted robot technology directly into the body. Numerous human brains are directly connected to the Internet, and information retrieved from the Internet can be downloaded to the brain. So why is human cyborg needed? Kevin Warwick, a researcher at Reading University in England, answers in "Why I became a cyborg" that "to cope with a crisis in which machines surpass human intelligence." In other words, humans must upgrade their bodies with the help of technology to cope with machines.We are already going through a human cyborg case. The cat earshaped headset called "Necomimi," released in Japan, analyzes human brain waves and moves the ears accordingly. If you focus with your necomimi on your head, your ears will prick up and your ears will droop when you are resting. Famous YouTubers in Korea have also posted a number of "Necomimi Wearing Appliances." It may not be long before we will naturally accept the "unity" with machines.Why do you think humans are beyond themselves?Do you fear and want it?There are already many technical discourse on what artificial intelligence is and how it will develop. Here, the author takes a step further and focuses on "human beings" and "cooperation with robots" that will live with artificial intelligence instead of technical discourse. The relationship between technology and human life is philosophical in terms of human desire. Man fears and dreams of being beyond himself. Human beings, led by the fundamental desire of plasticity, feel anxiety and fear from beings beyond themselves, but do not stop anticipating it. So, you may leave aside the question of whether the current AI boom will end as a oneoff, specifically when artificial intelligence will emerge beyond human beings. Rather, it is the biggest task given us to think about how to deal with these desires if human desire for being above ourselves continues. Its philosophy. You cant deal with this subject without philosophy. in the text of __The development of artificial intelligence may end up posing a huge risk to humans. But why doesnt man stop developing technology? The author emphasizes that humans want to create beings beyond themselves, and at the same time want to be "such beings."The human brain has the property of plasticity. It refers to the human desire to constantly overcome limitations, which are constantly trying to develop and change according to the environment. A man who lives with this desire for selfdelusion cannot stop his expectations even though he is afraid of being beyond himself. What is needed in the future when mankind and machines coexist is to think about the meaning of humanity rather than technical knowledge. Before discussing the emergence of artificial intelligence beyond humans, we must first think about how to deal with human selftranscendent desires. And the answer lies in philosophy.