lt;2030 에너지 전쟁gt;book reviewDongchan KimI learned “Energy in daily life” thissemester. One of the assignments was to read book and write a review about it.This book was about fuel, energy, electricity, global warming, and others. Fromall of them, the most interesting part that I read was “Global warming” and“renewable energy”. Because I am interested in protecting the nature, it soundinteresting to me. So I will write a review about this two big topics.I was always worried about the “globalwarming”. However, in the beginning of this chapter, Arrhenius, who won theNobel prize in chemistry doesn’t worry about the global warming that much.Actually, he first forecasted the global warming but he didn’t worry that much.He argued that it takes 3000 years for CO2 to become twice more. Although theCO2 become twice more, he said that we shouldn’t worry about it.Though some of the chemist argues thatglobal warming is a virtual image, lots of graph and statistics show that theearth is getting warm and the CO2 is fast increasing. According to “Keelingcurve”, we can see that carbon dioxide is keep increasing. It is seriousbecause since the earth has made, there was no time that the carbondioxide exceeded 350ppm. However, since 2010, it got up to 360ppm. It is in proportion to the rise in the averageglobal temperature. Scientists predict that if carbon dioxide continues to bereleased at the current pace, its concentration will reach 540 to 970 ppm by2100, resulting in a 1.1 to 6.4 °C rise in global temperatures. This is what I worried about when I watched global warmingdocumentary.However, this situation continues, developedcountries and developing countries are fighting against each other. Developingcountries say that they are irresponsible because developed countries are thefactors that made global warming faster. Because they already madeenvironmental pollution in the process of development. Although this is fact, Ithought that developing countries should also participate in protecting theearth, because the time is running out for the earth to endure the pollution.So I think that lots of good solutions have to be made.One of the best solutions that I felt was “carbonemission trading system”. Because my major is business, I thought that payingbased on how many they used was fair. By doing this, emission of 2008 wasdecreased down to almost 60 of 1980s. Also by decreasing the upper limit everyyear can lower emission and higher the cost of those countries who use carbon.I think that this regulation suits capitalism.The next interesting part of this book was “renewableenergy”. At the beginning of the book, I felt the seriousness of global warmingand thought that we have to find out an replaceable way of making CarbonDioxide. Renewable energy was the answer. From all of these, “Solar power generation” was the most eyecatching. Also, solarpower could be found anywhere in the earth. Oncebuilt, it works without complex industrial facilities. Basically, itseasy to install because its normal to put it on the roof. However, there are somethings tosupplement. It is little more expensive than others. Even if mass production isdone, it is hard to fit the price of other resources. But if we keep try tolower the price, we can match the “grid parity”. It is the point where the unit price of thermal power generation rises and theunit price of renewable energy decreases. And if this happens, the solarpower generation could be much more competitive.However, to calculate the “gridparity” there are some points that we have to supplement. Because the amount ofsunlight is different in every place, it is essential to calculate how muchtime does the solar panel works. By calculating this perfectly, it will help usto know the “grid parity” easier.As I learned from this book, theglobal warming is in process. So making solution all together with othercountries is crucial. By changing this crisis into opportunity will help Koreaneconomy to be the frontrunner of renewable energy. One solution that I thoughtwas to activate hydroelectric power because Korea is oiled up into the sea in threesides. So I suggest the hydroelectric power.By reading this book, I felt the prosand cons of each energy and what way should human have to go and think of.