Daniel Yergin is an American author and an energy expert. He has written an internationally bestselling book, The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World. This book got lots of praise and criticism for its broad topics. There are six different sections here in this book, which are the following; The New World of Oil, Securing the Supply, The Electric Age, Climate and Carbon, New Energies, and the Road to the Future. These six different sections talk about various problems, how they developed, and how they affect other countries. This book not only talks about energy, but it also talks about politics, conflicts between countries, and other resources.From this book, I will talk about the section Climate and Carbon. I chose this section, Climate and Carbon because it is one of the significant issues right now in the present. What is climate change? How does climate affect us humans and the environment? Climate change had begun in the 19th century. Climate change is a change in average conditions, as temperatures and rain. In the past, people thought that climate and weather had the same meaning. However, climate and weather are two different things. As stated in the book, "Weather is what happens day by day, the daily fluctuations reported each morning by the affable television weather anchors. Climate is something much bigger and more farreaching. It is more abstract, not something that will be experienced on a daily basis, but something that unfolds over decades, or even a century." The next question; how does climate change affect us humans and the environment? Climate change threatens the food we eat, the water we drink, the air we breathe, and the weather we experience daily; there would also be a global spread of infectious diseases.To continue about the section, Climate and Carbon. The other main issue about climate change is the ozone layer. What is the ozone layer? How does not having an ozone layer affect us? The ozone layer is a thin part of the earths atmosphere that absorbs the suns ultraviolet light, and how not having an ozone layer affects us is that there would be massive skin cancer around the world. To add on, animals and plants would have devastating effects as well. Without the ozone layer, the ice would melt, and we would not even be alive. The book shows that scientists had feared the return of the ice age; however, it was not the return of the ice age that they had feared; it was global warming. The book also stated that there are two reasons humanitys share is growing population and the rise in incomes. Population, it was shown that since the 1950s the population has tripled the amount, which means that there would be more carbon dioxide emissions. The rise in incomes shows that the higher the community, the emission of carbon dioxide increases revenues.Climate change is a serious matter going on currently in the present. People worldwide should be aware that it affects everyone globally, including animals, plants, and our environment. It may not be a problem for some people, but it is a big issue right now. As the years go by, it can be shown that the hole in the ozone layer is getting bigger and bigger; when there should not have been a hole in the first place.