This book tellsthe story behind the history of energy, as the basis of human culture anddevelopment. Throughout the 6 chapters, the changes brought by energy, theeffects it had on people, and the process of energy driving political andeconomic change, are illustrated in several interesting stories.Chapter I is about oil, which was thebeginning of radical changes for the humankind. It explains why and how manycountries around the world have fought for oil since the Gulf War and alsopoints out the harms brought by the use of oil.Chapter 2 deals with energy security. Itexplains how after the oil shock, many countries went through difficulties andstarted working on energy security. New energy sources that have emerged onbehalf of oil are also introduced.Chapter 3 tells the story of the erawhen electricity began to work. It explains how prominent scholars such asThomas Edison led the beginning and development of industrial society.Chapter 4 is about climate change and howcountries around the world dealt with this problem. It explains in detail the conflictingopinions on whether climate change was an impending problem and the process ofsigning global agreements such as the Rio Declaration and the Kyoto Protocol.Chapter 5 covers renewable energy. Itexplains how technologies related to renewable energy have developed andespecially the development and utilization of solar thermal energy.Chapter 6 deals with future energysources. It especially explains the development of bioenergy and electric cars.One of the parts thatI thought was impressive was the story about many countries’ response toclimate change and the negotiation process. The story of Wirth, whodeliberately heated up the conference room to make sure that people would feelthe severity of climate change, was very funny, but also very impressive becauseI thought it showed how determined he was for change. After Wirth’s conference,peoples interest in climate change quickly subsided over and over ascontroversy continued over whether climate change was a serious problem at themoment. However, every time interest dwindled, there were people who emphasizedthe seriousness of the situation and the importance of quickly taking action.These figures include Bush, who for the first time made greenhouse gas andclimate change a campaign topic; Margaret Thatcher, who delivered a speech todraw attention to climate change; Bollin, who had long played a key role ininternational climate associations; and Obama, who prioritized environmentalissues. Reading their stories, I thought their efforts and interest about theenvironment were very impressive. I also became grateful to those, because thatthe current environment and climate problems probably would have been much moreserious without their efforts. It was the few extraordinary people that reallyimpacted the whole world and people to live after them.This book shows readers that the issue ofenergy is an important topic closely related not only to science but also topolitics and economics. Without an understanding of the history of energydevelopment and the current energy issues, it would be impossible for a countryto play an important role in world politics and economics. Therefore, I stronglybelieve that anyone hoping to be an important figure of the modern society, whereclimate change is getting worse and energy efficiency is becoming moreimportant, should read this book.