lt;The Quest Book Reviewgt;정지수 After reading Daniel Yergin’s The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World, I could fine The Quest as the surveys of many quests to find, produce, and secure sources of energy. As the sources of power changed from the wind and coal in the 19th century to oil, electrical energy, this book allows readers to become more aware of our environment surroundings as well as providing knowledge of how Energy security is associated with national security.The book begins with the collapse of the Soviet Union and traces the complicated oil system over the world with the first Iraq war. However, impressive economic growth of Russia has made it to reemerge as a nation that promotes its interest through the use of soft energy power instead of hard military power. Recently, Russia has adopted assertive foreign policies. Despite the concern by European Union as far as energy security is concerned, Russia seems not to have a high priority on the impact climate change as a country that use produce and use oil extensively. In 1962 and 1982, US imposed sanctions on its allies to prevent them from exporting components that helped Soviet Russia to build Soviet gas and oil pipelines. This was based on the fact that US feared the political implications of European dependence on Russian energy.Next, Chinas global trade as well as political, economic as well as military development has resulted to strains in the international system. Similarly, the country has indicated significant impact in the energy sector primarily due to three factors that include current high level of China industrialization and booming automotive sector, inefficiency in China energy use and increased imports of oil in its energy mix due to flat domestic reserves. China has established joint ventures with international oil. One of the greatest concerns by US is the going out and looking up for oil that China seems to adopt since it will create competition in the already stiff global demand for energy sources. Additionally, US raised concerns on the China oil investments as foreign policy consequences with the US seeking to isolate some states of altering their behaviors. Just like the Russia, China is deemed by the author to become a world leading emitter of greenhouse gases very soonNowadays, energy sources can be termed as the leading factors behind assuring national security to almost every economy in the world. Threats to energy security can lead to political instability, manipulation in energy supplies, attack on supply infrastructure along with natural disasters and terrorist attacks. Energy security has emerged as one of the leading challenges for developed and developing economies as any sort of inequality may lead to competition and thus affecting the overall industrialization process. With energy security becoming a major concern for many economies, the research topic holds great relevance in terms of underpinning the worth and importance of energy sources and resources in ensuring national security in the context of the environment and marine transportation.Energy security can be enhanced through a number of ways including less dependency on imported sources of energy along with taking measures to conserve energy and depending more on renewable sources of energy. The recent oil crisis that led to an increase in the prices of oil became a security threat for many nations relying high on imports of oil and other energy sources. Thus, it can be believed that the research has a robust rationale in the form of exploring and investigating the importance and role of energy as a form of national security along with leading to robust growth and development.With developing economies being dependent on developed economies having sufficient energy resources; there has been a sense of dependency that strongly relies on the relationship being shared by nations. At the same time, this has raised concerns over the security issue considering countries having sufficient energy resources are self dependent with a flourishing economy competing with countries dependent on others for energy resources to strengthen their political, social and business environment. The rapid evolution of the global energy trade and integration of major economies into the world market has raised the bar of competition along with raising concerns over low supply chain. Overall, it can be said that we need a broader scope to cover the real meaning of energy security and its importance in the growth and development of world economies.