lt;New energy is our futuregt;Read 2030 Energy WarSung won, KimThe 46th presidential election inthe United States is over. Democrat Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump for WhiteHouse. Four years ago, Trump announced his withdrawal from the Paris ClimateAgreement, just seven months after he was elected president. And last year, theUnited States formally announced its withdrawal. The reason is that regulationsaimed at preventing climate change have an adverse effect on the economy. TheUnited States, the worlds secondlargest CO2 emitter, surprised the world.Now, Biden will turn Trumps energy policy back. It will realizeecofriendly policies such as rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement,strengthening oil and gas regulations, and strengthening automobile fuelefficiency standards. The Paris Climate Convention was adopted by the UN in2015 with the participation of 195 countries, which shows climate change is notan issue of one country or region. So why did Trump enforce the withdrawal ofthe Paris Convention?Hidden hereis the mechanism of energy and political power that drives the global economy.The superficial reason was to protect the countrys jobs, but on the other sideit was about the expansion of the shale gas industry. Shale gas was analternative to oil in the Middle East. Texas, Trump’s political base, is theproducer of shale gas. The United States has been fighting against the oilpower of the Middle East and succeeded in commercializing shale gas, which has allowed The UnitedStates to change from an oil importing country to an exporting country. For a long time, the worldrelied on oil from the Middle East. Fossil fuels such as coal, oil and natural gas werethe basis of the industrial revolution and economic growth, advancing humanity.Petroleum isthe most powerful energy to date. Major oil producing countries in the MiddleEast organized OPEC and insisted on raising oil prices and decreasingproduction volumes. The oil shocks in1973 and 1979 increased oil prices by twoto four times. The world was divided into oilproducing and nonoil producingcountries, and a fatal economic strike was inevitable. Our country was noexception. Production costs rose and inflation accelerated. Trade deterioratedand stagflation also appeared. The unemployed was mass produced. These two oilshocks clearly demonstrated the power of petroleum energy. The United Statesand Iran were antagonistic, and the Middle East became the worlds gunpowder.And the 1991 Gulf War broke out.However, alot is changing now in 2020. The world no longer relies solely on fossil fuels.Fossil fuel is not a magic lamp that can be used forever. Each country searchedfor something to replace fossil fuels and Nuclear Power, the most uniquepower supply source, was expected to do it. The atomic bomb that sank Hiroshimaand Nagasaki has turned into nuclear power. It was the discovery of thecheapest and safest energy, until the 1986 Chernobyl accident in Ukraine. TheChernobyl nuclear accident shocked the world and made us realized that nuclearpower could be a disaster for mankind rather than safe energy source. Nuclearpower has become a disaster for mankind in safe energy. Nuclear powergeneration is being cut in many places now. We also decided to dispose ofnuclear power plants that had reached the expected life span. At the same time,the government is increasing the proportion of ecofriendly renewable energy.The current government is advocating the Korean Green New Deal Policy which is acombination of green industry and economic stimulus. It includes measures suchas greentransformation of urban spaces, diffusion of low carbon energy, andconstruction of an ecofriendly ecosystem. Furthermore, the hydrogen economypolicy has been actively implemented and the the hydrogen infrastructure, constructionplan of charging stations, and hydrogen law are being carried forward. Thephotovoltaic industry has been already active, though it poses severalproblems. It is questionable whether socalled green industry is reallyecofriendly or has recognized energyefficiency. Nevertheless, the importantfact is that the fossil fuel era is coming to an end. With 0 oil production,new opportunities are coming. The era of new energy such as wind, solar,hydrogen, electricity, biofuels and other renewable and alternative energy hasbegun.Russia, theformer Soviet Union, had a large land and had limitless resources such as oiland natural gas. It was a country with almost all the resources. But they werepoor because electricity was scarce, factories were old, and workers wageswere low. The abundance of resources has made them poor. How ironic this is.They didnt try to reform; there was always everything, so there was no need toreform. On the other hand, we lack natural resources. Even a single drop of oilis not produced. So, we have devoted ourselves to technological innovationbased on human resources. Technologyintensive industries have made us aworldclass technology country. Maldistribution of resources has functioned as the best gift for reform andgrowth. This book provides information on energy development and flow, worldaffairs regarding energy, and future energy. Who rules energy is a matter ofnational survival. Just as the very first development of human history beganwith Prometheusfire, the first energy source, we are advancing into the eraof energy revolution once again.