DanielYergin is one of the most influential energy experts and a fantastic author ofAmerica. His book “The Prize The Epic Quest for oil, Money and Power” becameone of the best seller books worldwide and had also won many reputable awardslike Pulitzer Prize for this which helped him to develop recognizablereputation in the field of energy. His works and creation on the subject ofenergy and geopolitics is bold and impressive. “The Quest Energy, Security andthe Remaking of the Modern World” is like the second part of his previous book “ThePrize”. He mainly focuses on how development of energy, especially oil takesplace in the past ten years which has caused for the major geopolitical and economicalchange along with the power shift through this book.Theauthor touches wide range of topics and various subjects in this book and illustratesits impacts globally through telling stories and histories. From oilexploration to renewable energies, climate changes, new modal of energy likeelectric vehicles, wind and many more, he explores almost all the subjectsrelated to the contemporary energy dynamics. The way he analysis, corelates andinterconnects the historical and geopolitical of oil is remarkable. The mostsignificant things about his works in this creation is remarkable depth andwidth in most of the subjects.He explains the story that revolves around the energies fromwhich our history has been laid and the widespread competition around the worldfor the new energies in order to change and replace the exiting ones. He talksabout the specific subjects on the alternating energies which are renewable likewind, solar, biofuel and leads us towards the understanding of revival andscope of renewable energies in the future’s energy hunt. He highlights and giveexamples of the topic like electric vehicles and wind energy as possible energymodel which could determine and shape the future decade. He also talks aboutthe rise of natural gas. He believes that we should consider all the possibleoptions and ideas for the different energy sources. Future can not depend onlyone source of energy which is crude oil. By having various sources of energy,it will allow to explore and won’t limit us in terms of energy. He emphasizes moreon efficiency. Thinking of energy that has the potential to have the biggestimpact of all can help to attain higher efficiency and higher efficiency inevery field leads towards the low consumption of the energy.The author explains how some critical and nuclear power stateare taking integral role for deciding the future of the whole world. The crowdedhabitats of the Beijing to the Caspian Sea to the cold war in the Mideast and SiliconValley to the other powerful nation are playing integral role in deciding theenergy dynamic of the world. The author also believes that with rapid developmentand advancement China will certainly surpass the USA in highest consumption ofthe oil in near future which could be one of the factors in shifting the powerchange. It even gives more space to historical inflation of the oil around 2000swhich was the effect of high demand and limited sources and hence created theeconomic shift. He also talks about may strategic places, events and politicalleaders which created shift and unhealthy competition between the powerfulallies.He touches the issues on the climate change to a small extentbut cannot be able to go in depth. He talks about the slaughter of many forestareas in order to produce large number of papers which is irony. Climate changegrows very rapidly and is very harmful and dangerous yet he is failed toaddress this issue with some depth. Though he talks about the enforcement ofalternating energy and conservation of the existing energy resources, he failsto explain the effects of upcoming and potential energy in the environment andclimate.“TheQuest” showcases an astounding range of subjects which tries to make us awareabout the contemporary trends and energies’ cold wars like oil and alsoexplains the basic ideas and the principle which will determine the future of global energyand its way of running or system in its own subtle way in a way to predict theenergy situations and demands in the upcoming years which will have massiveimpact on the global economic shift. Theenergy demands and thirst throughout the world has huge impact on the prosperityof all the nation of the globe, so it requires thoroughly and deeplyrecognition and understanding of energy quest in order to solve the problemsahead in the future. The author knows very well that The age of easy oil isnearly over’. The inclusion of the Japanese term Mottainai’ indicates how wellhe understands the contemporary and future dynamic of energy. This Japanese termmeans Too Precious to Waste’. He cites that Japanese save wrapping paper fromgifts to use again and again in order to make us understand that we are nowlimited on energy sources and thinks for the various ways of energy for ourdependence.