Havingpreviously released a Pulitzer Prizewinning craft in 1991, The Prize, Daniel Yerginsought to expand his narrative on oil, electricity, and energy story. Releasedin 2011, Yergin’s second book, The Quest, tells a compelling story inclusive ofall elements critical to the industry’s development, not sparing even of themost minute of details. The book became an instant bestseller, widely regardedas a comprehensive guide to the industry and its current ecosystem. This writingshall address Yergin’s story, highlighting any strengths and weaknesses thatone might have come across while reading this book.Thefirst thing every reader might have noticed not long into the book is that Yergincomposes his narrative in a deeply structured manner, complete with major andminor players in the industry, led from their beginnings to any crucial pointin history. Short snippets sprinkled throughout the book, containing charactersthat have played their parts, piecing the puzzles together to form a completeoverarching story. From mundane characters like H. L. Williams’ pioneering ofoffshore drillings, and G. Cabot’s attempt at controlling supply and demandthrough natural gas liquefication, to Bin Laden’s terrorist activities targetedto cause disruption in production lines and the widespread manhunt it triggeredafterward. Yergin’s commitment todeveloping the stories of these characters became the book’s strongest strengthin bridging the various concepts at play and telling a story spanning severaldecadeslong worths of history.Anotheraspect that Yergin has successfully incorporated into The Quest was not onlythe depth of the content but also the extent of its coverage. A great manner ofrespect was granted to the verticality of the issues covered in the book, as itencompasses other related topics such as the mechanics behind the emergence ofrenewables, the coming of the atomic age, the notion of peak oil, and itsfears, or even climate change. All of these concerns were considered essentialby Yergin, wherein the disregard in any of these factors is detrimental toachieving energy security. Yergin was also thorough and fearless in hiscoverage of the aforementioned issues, using numbers and studies to remove anypotential insecurities that might have been left unanswered.However,one might find his depth of coverage suspect in certain segments of the story,especially so when certain parties are involved. While Yergin plays a neutraltone in his arguments, his impartiality is called into question when he istalking about the successes of other countries. Details were scant and filledwith worrying notions when nuclear reactors were built in Tehran and Russia,while the United States’ stories were told in fortunes and cheap energy enjoyedby her citizens. Conflicts in the middle east subtly introduce uneasiness inreaders opinions on any nuclear energy being used along with the fear thatthey could suddenly one day turn against other countries in their crazedpursuits. Strong antagonistic elements like hydrogen bombs became thecenterpiece of atomic energy developments in other countries, while the UnitedStates continued to amass nuclear weaponry, but was propped defensible due toassurance of the mutually assured destruction. It does not help that Yergindevelops his narrative through stories and would not include his own opinion orclosures on the stories he had told. While this lends to his credibility ofbeing impartial, one can not help but think that perhaps Yergin has purposelyweakened certain parties in his stories to champion his player in hisnarrative.Conclusively,The Quest is a comprehensive foundation for what is energy industry known to usnowadays. It is an entertaining read for any casual readers, a mustread foranyone looking to understand the sector in its entirety. The book has itsfaults, and its limitations on what it could cover, however, one might alsofind that the book has achieved its purpose. To tell the story of how energyhas reshaped the modern world.