“Will enough energy be available to meet the needs of agrowing world, and at what cost, and with what technologies?” is the question that the writer brought in the introduction. It was a glimpse of what the bookis going to be about, the future of energy. Before discussing the future, thewriter brought us to review everything energy related happened in history. Thestory’ for this book starts with how our civilization was built from energyand ended them with new energies existing, emerging and will continue to existin the future. It tackled questions on energy especially coal, electricity, andnatural gas, and relate them to global politics and economic changes. Theoverview of this book might look heavy but fret not because the writer managedto explain each of his points in an easy to understand way. The writer did notuse any flamboyant words and it was clear his main aim was to share the resultof his analysis. He tackled every highly controversial issue with cautiouswithout taking any sides but instead just stating them in a matteroffact way.For someone whose interest is inenergy and has a good knowledge of energy theoretically, they will find it interestingto connect their knowledge with the happenings in the world. Meanwhile, forthose whose interest are in politics and economics, they will realise theimportance of energy and how much energy affect the world both directly andindirectly.The book is divided into six parts. Amongthem, personally, my favourite is part one, the new world of oil. The writermanaged to fit story from world war 1 until the current modern day andexplained the developments of the oil industry worldwide. As someone, who hashuge interest in world history, this is my first time reading a book tellingthe story of important world histories but in the point of view of energy’. Ionce wondered why the political turmoil in the middle east seems to never end.The book gave an insight how the huge amount of oil in the middle east attractedinterests from outside and inside. Which, in the end resulted in political instabilities.The gulf war is an example of when a country tried to monopolise oil productionto manipulate oil price. Meanwhile, Israel invasion of Palestine and thesupport they got from the United States is an extensive effort to push foreigncompanies to get a share of middle east oil. But, of course, middle east politicscannot be defined simply with oil and we need to consider the socio andgeopolitical condition too. Nevertheless, one can understand that oil industryhas a huge influence in world’s politics and vice versa.As expected, climate change, one ofthe hottest topics now, are also discussed in the book. Which I would choose asanother favourite part of mine. The writer talked about the research andpolitics of climate change. The most memorable part for this subtopic was theglobal cooling in which the writer chose to just lay out facts as if he wastelling a story. A couple of international agreement were also discussed in thebook such as the Rio and Kyoto Protocols.The downside of the book is its 804pages. Though this is no theory textbook explaining energy, one shall still considercommitting to this book as this is obviously no harry potter novel where you canenjoy reading before bed without falling asleep halfway. This is the kind ofbook that requires you to take in facts and ponder upon them. However, thisbook is not your physics texbook level of complicated. I would say that thisbook is suitable for both those who are knowledgeable on energy theoretically butunfamiliar with global politics, and also those who has vast knowledge inglobal politics yet has zero knowledge in energy. In other word, even if youhave a light interest in the topics contained in the book, committing to thisbook is not that impossible