 Heisenberg,
the author of this book, was a famous scientist, but it seems he wanted to talk
about philosophy rather than science in this book. Therefore, this review also
focuses on philosophical content. Even I've been watching this book for hours on
the monitor, I can't fully understand the content. However, I was
able to confirm a few parts where his thoughts were revealed, so let's take a
look at them.
In Chapter
16, scientists are shocked to hear the news of the atomic bomb dropping on
Hiroshima, and "Otohan" who discovered the uranium fission was
frustrated that his discovery led to an innocent death. Responsibility is the
main subject of the story, han’s discovery have advanced science, and if not
him, others would have advanced science, and this advance would help good win. He
also agree with Friedrich's idea that the choice of means determines good or
evil. The main
stories in chapter 17, are Wolfgang, Heisenberg, and Bohr’s domination of positivism. Here,
Heisenberg says that the central order that distinguishes good from evil is
enforced. (그는 관철된다고 표현함)
I came to
the conclusion that “Heisenberg believes that there is a central order, truth,
and standard that divides good and evil in the world, and among the purpose and
means, the means determines good and evil”. The reason he did not express
that “exists” is simply not to obscure the essence of it, which is a
metaphysical concept.
If someone
asks for me like that does good and evil exist?, I will answer as follows. 
“At least I think so. But I don't know how it will be for
others.” 
I want to talk
about the relativity of good and evil through the stories I had with my friends
in high school. 
If a young man
killed a man, many would think it was evil, But what would
you think if the murdered person was a serial killer, and killed the young man’s
mother. My friend said that murder is evil because it is a Illegal and sin,
I expressed that it is close to good because they are concepts that can change
at any time, and also young man killed a more evil person. However,
there will be people who hear these stories and say they are just criminals
because they break the law without distinguishing between good and evil. It's a
different story for each person.
If you
tell this story, there are friends who talk to Hitler. As it can be
controversial, I warn you, I regard Hitler as evil, and do not intend to label
his actions as achievements. But let's assume that there is a world in which
Germany won World War II by applying the multi-world interpretation learned in
class, in that world he will be praised as a war hero.The reason
we see him as an absolute evil is that the people who happened to be harmed by
him have built up the present society. I am
worried that the essence will be blurred, but what I am trying to say is that
good and evil are subjective thoughts of an individual, think that good and
evil are the names set by society. Society has changed its shape with the
times, so we don't know what the future will look like, but good and evil can
always change. Perhaps the two are not in an exclusive relationship, but may
fit together.     
      Heisenberg
expressed central order on a compass. I think it is more important to
understand where I am. 
If anyone can
say that absolute good and evil exist, we must first look at his family, occupation, and
country, then listen to his arguments and judge that.