Quantum mechanics was the biggest challenge in the history of
science in the 20th century. It was a revolutionary concept that could be used
to explain the world around us which could not have been with the classical view
of physics. But the world's greatest scientists and brightest minds were not discouraged.
Through endless ponder, debate, intense discussion, research and experimentation,
they eventually discovered the mysterious nature of the universe through quantum
physics.

Being an undergraduate, who majors in business administration, the
idea of quanta and theoretical background and explanations were completely out
of reach of understanding. Even after taking ‘Quanta in Everyday Life’ and
reading "Age of Entanglement" I am and never will be confidant enough
to say that I have even a grasp of understanding of what quantum mechanics is. However,
there is no doubt that even being completely illiterate of science, quantum
mechanics is mind-blowing and intriguing field. This book, “Age of Entanglement’
was written in a way that allowed person like me to follow the context. Here
are some of the things I was able to learn from reading this book.

Prior to the 20th century, physics had
developed based on the so-called deterministic worldview. In other words, the
state of the universe is definitely determined. By knowing the value of the
variables and the right equation, the past, present, and future of a physical
entity could be determined

But as we enter the 20th century, the physics
goes through a revolutionary change. This is because of Einstein's principle of
relativity. Einstein denied the existing concept of absolute space-time and
suggested a relative concept of space-time. The idea that time and space are
not absolutely independent, but related to each other. For example, the faster
you move, the slower time goes. This was a truly shocking theory. However, the
principle of relativity is still based on a deterministic worldview in that a
single definitive principle of how time and space are related determines how
objects move in time and space.

Quantum phenomena emerge around the same
time as the emergence of relativity. Electrons dropping from one energy level
to another and emitting light (electromagnetic waves) was found to be fixed at
certain values. This quantum phenomenon could not be explained by classical
theories.

In this situation, Heisenberg suggests the
principle of uncertainty and comes up with a paradigm completely different from
classical physics theory. According to this principle, which states that the
momentum and position of the particle cannot be accurately measured at the same
time, it is concluded that observation by the recognition subject affects the
object of observation. 

When a phenomenon occurs in the quantum
world, it is not because we lack the deeper knowledge to understand the cause
behind it, but because nature is originally made up of such quantum phenomena. 



Due to lack of my scientific knowledge and
understanding later part of the book was rather hard to understand. However, I would
still highly recommend this book to anyone, even to someone without any scientific
background because even acknowledging that such field, quantum mechanics, exists
it better than being illiterate about it.