Can psychiatry and natural science be connected? The author of the book ‘Physics and Beyond’, Werner Heisenberg tries to close the gap between two cultures by admitting that science is also made by humans. We normally have thought that the science must be neutral, so the observer’s impact during the experiment should be eliminated. This was one of the most important premises of classical physics. However, when humans take a step into quantum mechanics, we realized that it is impossible to eliminate the presence of the observer. The author, Heisenberg, proposed it as an Uncertainty Principle. The Uncertainty Principle is a theory that when we observe the elementary particle, our action of observing affects the state of it. This is because the particle is so small that the light, which we use to observe, can affect its state. Therefore, when we estimate the particle’s position, we cannot certain of its momentum. The opposite is also the same. Like this Example, natural science can't exist as an independent study.Heisenberg solves this difficulty by adding the concept of probability to natural science. As the title of the book is about physics and beyond, the topic that penetrates the whole book highlights the importance of collective thought. The author realizes it by inserting many conversations of various people. Therefore, physics is no longer exists alone but begins to combine with the other areas of the studies. For example, while Heisenberg discusses the concept of ‘the smallest thing that can no longer be split,’ his friend Roberto throws a question. “How people perceive the ‘concept’? Does the concept exist outside independently from the observer? Or does it exist by the observance of the people, which shapes the concept?” This is the moment that physics and philosophy combined.For academic development, Heisenberg emphasizes the discussion between the people from the other fields of study. Physics can create an atomic bomb, but the people who decide to use it or not are up to the politicians. However, is it right to use the atomic bomb even it is for a just purpose? This moral dilemma is another problem, which is responsible to the participants of the discussion. By not defeating others at the discussion, but learning at the discussion through the experts’ idea that I don’t know, the long-established human academic effort could mature.