When
most people think of Einstein, they think of the theory of relativity. Although
Einstein later came to accept the concept of relativity, he had previously
dismissed it as "a sort of break" he gave himself during his battle
against the quanta. He was defeated in the struggle. And this entire
half-century of conscious brooding has brought me no closer to the question,
‘What are light quanta?' " These days, everybody thinks they know it, but
they are wrong. Nevertheless, the question is not closed. Like it or not, Toms,
Dicks, and Harry are abundant, ready, and eager to provide you with the correct
answer. While various individuals say different things, it is fair for the
sceptic to believe that no one actually knows. To comprehend quantum mechanics,
read Gilder's book on the topic, in which he examines the challenge to make
some sense of it. Her subject matter goes far above what her title suggests. I
assumed the book would be about the most recent advances in quantum mechanics,
the revolution that has occurred over the last two or three decades. However,
in fact, her treatment of recent developments occupies only 44 pages in a book
that is over 400 pages long, and even within that short period of time, the
practicalities of quantum computation and cryptography are almost completely
ignored. Rather, her attention is on the concepts: To a very significant
extent, it was over these ideas on which Einstein, Bohr, and Schrödinger
battled, and it was of great significance throughout the period in which a
person's career could be jeopardized because of his interest in such ideas.

An
experiment is never considered irrelevant. The above, along with many other
examples, shows her ability to present and explain ideas comprehensively and
vividly. However, only experiments that illustrate or otherwise relate to her
central concept are of interest to her: "The quantum enigma," perhaps
we could call it. Her views on quantum information are the same as her
attitudes toward current events. To a large extent, if not entirely, her
fascination with quantum computation and cryptography is due to the unexpected
discovery, once assumed false, that Einstein, Podolsk, Rosen, and Bell's
theories have important practical applications. She tells it with extremely
well-rehearsed and thoughtful storytelling. She includes a surprising amount of
history in her book for the general reader. I found out some interesting things
I did not know about. I could see what was going to happen, but even knowing
what was going to happen next, the book kept my attention for about the same
cause that old and familiar narratives can be intriguing even if the telling is
good. The book's distinguishing feature is that it tries so hard to tell that
story as though they are the narrator's own. While she observes, textbooks
frequently depict a "perfect sculpture" in a vacuum-sealed case,
implying that insights are "birthed" in brains and only tangentially
related to bodies. To erase that impression, Gilder devotes himself to creative
endeavors. In Tom Wolfe's words at the beginning of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid
Test:

"I
have tried not only to tell what the Pranksters did but to re-create the mental
atmosphere or subjective reality of it. I don’t think their adventure can be
understood without that.’ Wolfe was recounting a very different kind of mental
history, but his point, I find, is even more true about the portentous history
of science and intellect that unfolded as the age of entanglement. "

Even
at first, I had my doubts about her using imaginary conversations between the
main characters. It is accurate to say, though, that it works well. She is an
excellent communicator of the current way physics advances. The subjective
reality of physical thinking can be evoked by Gilder to help combat a
particularly prevalent and, I believe, dangerous misconception. Based on
extremely limited and unsystematic surveys, I have come to the conclusion that
the general public seems to believe that physics is created by either nerds or
robots who have failed their Turing test. In a roundabout way, Physics laws
require as much passion, imagination, and creativity as music, literature, or
other artistic endeavors. In a democracy, the people make the decisions. So, if
physics is not firmly anchored in our culture, it will ultimately die out. Even
though there are many popular science writers who will tell their readers that
science is wonderful and exciting, science does not see itself in that light. It
is one thing to talk about it; it's quite another to make someone truly feel
it. In this case, Gilder does the latter. The assumption seems to be that in
Britain, at least, people think of ideas as being squeezed out of people in the
same way that water is squeezed out of a juice-bottling factory. It may prompt
them to consider Einstein's opinion that "the state of mind that enables
someone to engage in work of this kind is somewhat similar to the worshipful
devotee or the loving lover; the daily effort is spontaneous, not
premeditated." It is completely unplanned and a bit anarchic. Achieve
total bureaucratic control of the project and you will instead destroy it.

Finally,
but not least, I believe her book is useful to physicists as well. As I did, I
believe that students will find it inspiring, and I believe even those who have
been in the field for a while will find it enjoyable and even educational. Here
are a couple of warnings: Students would undoubtedly be inspired by the book.
However, it should be made clear to students that it is not a textbook on
quantum mechanics interpretation. She devotes half the book to Bohm but does
not give enough attention to other notable researchers, such as Wheeler or
Everett. As she is mainly interested in the entanglement and Bell inequalities,
and as she wishes to bring to life the innerness of scientific discovery, I
believe it is reasonable to give her that. To ensure that students who read the
book are not under the mistaken impression that it is a complete,
all-encompassing treatment of quantum mechanic’s interpretation, it is vital
that the book's readers understand that it does not summarize everything there
is to know about quantum mechanic’s interpretation. Additionally, the reader
should be informed that the author occasionally makes careless mistakes. Consider
the Bohr model of the hydrogen atom, in which an electron goes through a
transition when it jumps. The frequency of the photon emitted during that
transition is the mean of the frequencies of the initial and final orbits. If
students are unable to understand what she says, it is more likely due to her
than to them.