I am going to start by
saying that this book, while having a crude yet effective method in delivering
a message, is among the best non-fiction works I have ever read. It immerses
the reader through an anecdote of a character named George where his scenarios
and life situation makes it relatable to almost , if not all, readers and fills
them with self-reflection on life itself. The energy bus might sound to most
readers, including myself, as a metaphorical figure and yet discover throughout
the book that this also has a literal meaning. The development of each of the
story marks an important point in which the reader reflects on how this will
help on their everyday life. Through anecdotal explanations, the reader is
capable of understanding how things can go positive or negative on their life.

Firstly, I would like
to give one of my best insights to the book without spoiling any detail to
whomever likes to read this work in the future. George, who is the character
based on the book, is presented with crisis from work, family and personal life
altogether. His car breaks down and is forced to take the bus to work. There he
meets the driver, Joy, where she full of positive energy gives a hard truth to
George by telling him that he is the one responsible of his crisis. That is the
turning point where the reader realizes that maybe some of their problems might
also be their fault. Anyhow, the next day, after reflecting on that statement
the bus driver gave him, he reluctantly takes the bus again where the previous bus
driver is nowhere to be seen. This part is essential to understand how a person
in denial can disagree with the truth, but will devout to finding it. He was
angry at the bus driver yet looks forward to hear more about her. Well, the
next day, he finally meets her and that is where he realizes she has a lot to
teach. From there the energy bus concept is introduced along with their 10
principles/rules to the energy bus. This is the part where readers need to
decipher what is a metaphor and what has a literal meaning. Every analogy here
references the energy bus and the trajectory of life where every rule is filled
with details which gives the reader a clear example of how and why each rule is
implemented.

Now, I am going to
mention what this book is strong and what is it lacking in my opinion. Some
people might disagree with me and that is alright, however this opinion is
given by someone who learned much from the book and actually implement the
call-to-action methods of the book. The book excels at giving examples in where
the reader relates to and almost see the words of the book be a mirror of
ourselves. Not only that, but also gives the reason to why our problems might
surge in our everyday life. The principles are well-detailed and gives extreme
usability to the reader which forces them to implement them in real-life for
clear results. My only weaknesses I see in the book is that some of the
references in the book are geographically oriented which if the reader is not
from that country might have a difficulty relating to. Me, who have lived in
America for 3 years, had no issues however, made me wonder how is it for
readers who have not. Overall, I like how the structure of the message is
delivered and would greatly recommend it to whoever is entering or already is
in the market for labor.

I give this book full
score and would easily describe it as an essential must read for young and
upcoming active labor force personnel.  This book gave me a great insight
of my own life and made me reflect on values I previously gave for granted. I
now see the bigger picture of myself which hopefully in the future see the real
change in me.