Book Review of &lt;김상욱의 양자공부&gt; by Professor 김상욱2015310209 Im Sungho (임성호)            As I read the book of Professor Kim, it was
possible to catch an idea about quantum mechanics. Of course it would be a lie
if I said I fully understood the theory but following the lecture I could get
some concepts of quanta. The book is a general introduction about quantum mechanics
including the representative concept and brief history of the field. One of the
most impressive thing was that there were few shifts of paradigm, such as Galileo
Galilei’s discover of heliocentrism and Einstein’s theory of relativity, and
quantum mechanics was also a suspicion of seeing. The theory starts with the
controversy of light if it is a particle or a wave. And it is explained by the
double split experiment and multiple interpretations. The conclusion presently
is the Copenhagen interpretation that emphasizes the effect of observer. And I
could think differently about the meaning of ‘seeing’. Another interesting
topic was that quantum mechanics could be mutually related with surrealism art.
They were both originated in the same time and place so there must have been
some interaction between them. One of the example could be René Magritte’s
Plagiary which shows both the inside and outside scene in a single view.
Superposition is the idea that quantum objects can be in two or more different states in
one given time and it made me thought about
the painting. Kim’s book is very recommendable to starters or those
with no scientific background like me because he explains with easy words. For
example he uses everyday situations to explain that everything is made up of
atom including sound and light and ourselves. Also he goes through the process
of the theories and give fun facts about the scientists and the background
stories. This is also same with our lecture as it made outsiders of physic
could also get interested to the lecture. As I first learned about quantum mechanics I could feel
the relation between science and philosophy. About the interpretations of the Schrödinger's cat experiment,
we should think about the meaning of seeing and the effect of the observer. And
also we should think about linguistic
features, epistemology, and the matter of the observer’s presence which is so
confusing. Also as researching about MWI, I thought that it is a metatheory of the previous quantum theory.
So it solves some paradox and makes us easier to understand intuitively but
there is a lack of specific evidences as we can never observe another universe.
The fact that this theory is entangled to many other fields makes the debate
more controversial and complicated. 





In conclusion, this complicating theory makes a big
headache and I hardly understood the details but I learned that everything is
made up of atoms and that is why we should study it. As Kim introduces the
quote by Niels Bohr, ‘A physicist is just an atom’s way of looking at itself’, to
understand what’s going on in my world, I should realize myself is made up of
atoms and everything I see as well.