Obvious
but incredibly True

&lt;The
Energy Bus&gt; by John Gordon features the story of a depressed soul named
George and the changes he experiences when he meets a bus driver named Joy.
George is mediocre at his job and on the verge of getting fired. Because of
this he is very stressed out all the time and can't afford to be a good husband
or a caring father. Overall, he seems like a person who doesn't have much to be
happy about in his life. As a college student, I can't entirely relate with his
family issues, but I admit that there were sometimes when I too felt like I
didn't have much to be happy about in my life. I'm sure most people have had
this thought at least once. George is a depressed man for sure, but the
sad fact is that he is also a reflection of many of us. When George by coincidence meets
an energetic bus driver named Joy, his life starts to change. Joy lectures him
about a set of rules, rules that are supposed to transform his life into a more
energetic, fulfilling, and happy life. I must admit, at first I thought Joy's
rules were a bit childish and a bit obvious like something a kid's show host
might say. But after reading the entire book and following Georges story, I'm
starting to think maybe the rules are so obvious because they are so true. In
my opinion, the book successfully re-acclimates the readers to a lifestyle that
should have been very obvious. A lifestyle that many of us lose between busy
work days, stressful conversations, and blurry goals. A lifestyle of passion,
fulfillment, and energy.

 

The Law of
Attraction 

One
interesting concept Joy explains is the 'The Law of Attraction'. 'The Law of
Attraction' is something I had heard about before from the mouths of
motivational speakers and athletes. However, I didn't think much about it then.
Explanations such as "If you can see it in your mind, you can hold it in
your hand" seemed like blindly optimistic, unsupported statements. But
when Joy explained it in the book it made me second guess my original
judgement. Joy compared the law of attraction to the phenomenon where you see a
certain number or hear a certain song over and over through the day. I'm sure
everybody has had this experience where you think of a certain number and you
suddenly see it over and over, all around you through the day. This obviously
isn't because the number has suddenly increased near you, it's rather because
you've just started noticing it. The moment you think about something, you
start to notice it everywhere. This is what the law of attraction is according to
Joy. I was persuaded by the simple comparison and I indeed believe that if I
keep my mind to happy things, things like success and friendship, that I will
start to recognize them all around me. I think on some level I already knew
this to be true. Everything I desire -friends, family, a hopeful future- is all
around me. I just have to open my eyes and look, actively notice every
opportunity.The book simply woke me into thinking in a way some self-pitying
part of me had subconsciously avoided. It was definitely something I needed and
something I suspect a lot of people need as well; breaking away from self pity
and self victimization. 

 

Why not?

I have a friend
who I consider to be very smart and I look up to him in many ways. But he is
quite definitely one of the most negative people I know. Whenever we meet he
goes on and on about how the society is failing and the job market is shrinking
and how we are all doomed. I understand that he has a point, but to me the
problem seems to be not in his judgement of his surroundings but in the way he
chooses to react to it. He reacts as if there is nothing he can do and he is a
helpless victim. I really want to recommend this book to this friend or anybody
else who might be similar to him. I want the friend to obtain a new
appreciation towards life just as George did. I'm sure the friend will go off
about how the book is incredibly naive and that Joy's rules are nothing but
fantasies. But I have faith that after reading the book Joy's message will
reach him and free him of his depressing skepticism. Because after all, if
living in an energetic, happy, fulfilling and joyful life can be achieved by
simply changing the way you think, why not give it a try?