Energy is now
the essential factor that drives modern civilization, which resembles the blood
running through the body of an organism. Energy
vitalizes the infrastructure and industries of the nation, enabling the daily life of
modern citizens. Without energy, it would be extremely hard to maintain a current
lifestyle. That’s why so-called maintaining “Energy securities” became one of
the top priorities of governments over the world. Energy, or natural resources
securities policy can be divided into two parts, maintaining current energy
resource including oil and coal by diplomacy or economic investment with
binding contracts, and investing in brand-new resources. One of the important
things among investing in brand-new resources is that the new resources are
generally renewable. That is, unlikely other resources whose deposits are
heavily concentrated in certain regions, this energy relies on quasi-infinite
resources like sun, wind, and water. 

Until now, the
competition around existing resource deposits was heated. The power of OPEC,
which is the world’s largest cartel, was unstoppable. Therefore, many countries
and firms devoted a great amount of effort to grasp the resource deposits by all
means. The tragedy was that the mean included violent methods including wars
and disputes. Moreover, the tragedy did not end in the production section. The
concentration on oil resources made the economy of respective countries highly vulnerable
to oil prices. Plus, the conflicts around oil deposited regions were fierce
considering the Iraq-Kuwait war and the Gulf war. 

The carbon dioxide
and other poisonous emissions from the combustion engine and others have been
mentioned as a serious global problem that needs to be solved or slowed at least.
In order to deal with this global problem, governments over the world are
striving to make a consensus through international organizations. The major global
effort to solve global environmental problems includes a carbon dioxide emission quota
trading system.

One of the key
achievements that mankind has gone through can be electric cars. Since oil
usage has been particularly high in the transportation sector, the decrease in
oil usage at least in cars would be a groundbreaker in the overall energy
ecosystem. With new energy resources and vehicles, we might face a whole new
future than what we have expected, where humankind can sustain their lives
without any risks of power game in the production of necessary resources.