An electronic car sounded like a science fiction just 10 years ago. Today, however, it is very easy to see electronic cars on the street. The energy industry is growing really fast, and as a person who lives in global world, I should know what's going on. According to this book, the time of oil will be continued at least 20-30 years more. Oil is still most important energy in the world. Then how the oil became this powerful, and what happened among the countries that have this primary energy resource? Daniel Yergin, the author of the book quested about the story of energy and how they moved the world. Through Iraq war and several times of oil shocks, the oil made its position secure as a primary resource. Middle East nations accumulate their wealth with this powerful source of energy. Oil states appeared and it naturally continued to rise of two giant group. The United States and OPEC. The book then introduces the tension between the United States and Iran. Iraq already collapsed by the United States, so Iran is rising as new opposing camp of the U.S. And not only in the Middle East, oil intensifies the struggle for supremacy between the U.S. and China. China desperately needs the cooperation of Arabian countries to keep the U.S. check. Therefore, the shale gas is the key of energy war between two giant nations, and now the U.S. have advantage over against China. To flip over the existing hegemony,  China should focus on developing alternative energy sources. First part of the energy war was about oil, which the U.S won. Second war will be about alternative energy.  However, also in alternative energy technology, the U.S. went way further away than its rival. To predict carefully, thus, the U.S. will become an ultimate winner of the war. After the long and large war between them, Pax Americana will return again and continue until next hegemonic challenger appears. This is all my own opinion, so it is not perfectly correct prediction. Nevertheless, the fact that second war will be about alternative energy is hard to deny. Therefore, we(Korea) should make an effort to develop alternative energy industry to follow the stream of time. First step is electronic car. Electronic car will finally replace petrolic car. Last chapter of the book is also talking about electronic car. And the world of electronic car is seems not too far from now. Already electronic cars are commercialized by such as Tesla or Hyundai Ioniq. Battery technology is developing, and then there will be more electronic cars on the street. Electronic car became a very important industry nowadays, so the nation-level support should be needed. Through this book, in conclusion, we can learn the history of energy wars, which were about fossil fuel-exactly, the oil. Oil became the most powerful energy resource ever, and lots of countries try to get it. First it was a conflict composition between the United States and Middle East. As time goes on, China rose as a country threats the order of American world. Leeds to energy war between the U.S. and China, and it seems hard to China win this war. Recently, with the development of alternative energy, second energy war will be predicted for the war of technology of alternative energy. Representative example is electronic car industry. So to keep move with the times, it's important to raise alternative energy industry.