Age of Entanglements Book Review by 2016312407
장선익Quantum physics,
despite having been with us now for over a century, continues to mystify and
challenge physicists, philosophers, and the general public alike. Gilder’s
first book offers an accessible and creative unpacking of the origin,
development, and reception of some of its central features, while providing
intriguing glimpses into the often quirky lives and interactions of many of its
developers, emphasizing the thread of “entanglement” throughout. Her explicit
treatment of the intrinsic human cultural character of science can help in
rejecting positivistic and objectivistic views. The Age of
Entanglement opens with an amusing account of Bertlmann’s astonished encounter
with the 1981 paper, “Bertlmann’s Socks and the Nature of Reality,” 62
Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith Book Reviews in which John Bell
ties together the reliably unmatched footwear of his eccentric colleague with
the enigmatic connections found in the quantum world. This narrative also
serves to introduce a complementary theme of the book, the curiously entangled
lives of quantum physicists throughout the entire twentieth century. From the outset,
one encounters Gilder’s methodology, as she imaginatively weaves together a
believable narrative of dialogue, encounter, and circumstance, taking as her
sources existing historical texts, such as letters, memoirs, conference
records, journal articles, and biographies, supplemented by her own
correspondence with practitioners. Instead of the usual quotes and citations,
Gilder’s seamless narrative is supported by an extensive 58-page documentation
of the origins of words, sentences, or ideas used from these records. No
quantum physics knowledge is assumed, and footnotes and a glossary should help
reach a broad audience. Fortunately, vague or circular definitions are rare,
but saying “electrons are electricity-carrying subatomic particles that are a
crucial component of all matter” does little to gain the reader’s confidence. Gilder’s main
thesis is that the recent resurgence of interest in the interpretation of
quantum mechanics afforded by new experiments demonstrating entanglement,
remains intimately connected to the most basic questions faced by its founders.
She therefore follows the entanglement thread through its illustrative history,
from long before Schrödinger’s 1935 coining of the term, right up to the
present. Entanglement is the way in which the parts of a system retain a
uniquely quantum-mechanical linkage despite complete isolation from one
another, such that the type of measurement performed upon one part is
correlated with the results of a measurement done upon the other, even when
these are too remote to allow for causal influences. This feature of quantum
physics was used by Einstein and others in 1935 to claim it must be incomplete.
Bell, in 1964, derived an inequality whose violation would entail that either a
classical realism of local hidden variables, or the principle of causality,
must be false. And in 1981, Alain Aspect’s experiment showed precisely that
violation, leading most physicists to retain causality and adopt the entangled
quantum picture in place of classical realism. Gilder discusses
how quantum physics, unlike classical physics, cries out for interpretation.
Sommerfeld is quoted as saying to Einstein, “You know I can only contribute to
the technology of quantum theory—you have to create its philosophy,” as part of
an imaginatively recreated conversation between these two and Bohr as they
travel absent-mindedly on a Copenhagen streetcar. Bohr, opposed to
reductionism, correctly concludes as they return to their missed stop,
“everything does not always boil down to calculations.” Throughout the
book, Gilder vividly depicts how physicists, the more they learn, truly and
deeply grappling with the ideas and realities with which they are faced, are
never content to settle for “saving the phenomena”; furthermore, many in the
mainstream entertain metaphysical and even theological questions. Gilder
details the intricate work of experimental physics as well as how, in
gatherings of physicists, the scheduled talks are far outweighed in value by
the unplanned conversations. The essentiality of unique personal interactions
can be seen throughout the history of the subject. Joviality, camaraderie,
teachability, drive, deference, trust, competition, adventure as well as longing,
jealousy, loneliness, suspicion, desperation, racism, stubbornness, and war all
feature to varying degrees; even adultery, murder/suicide, abortion, and
kidnapping appear. 













Gilder’s detailed
narrative is chock full of anecdotes which can at first appear marginal but are
later revealed to be entangled with the tapestry. Her prose often waxes poetic,
with delightfully creative turns of phrase, metaphors, or alliteration: “in a
manner palely reminiscent of Jauch’s old teacher Pauli” and “web of
experimentalists who wanted to work with entanglement.” A few physics errors
reveal the author’s non-physics background, but these do not detract from the
story and likely annoy only physicists. For instance, she refers to Planck’s
solution of “the ultraviolet catastrophe” for “light in a box” while the
essential point of a black box and the simple nature of the catastrophe are
entirely missed and she says, “an electron changes its speed by turning,”
whereas “speed” should be “velocity.”