This book tells the story of a man at stake at
home and at work. This man meets Joy, a bus driver and energy evangelist,
learns “energy bus”, and changes his attitude in life. The book has the concept
of bus and energy. First, the bus is our life. Take this bus and move on to
each other's vision. In the process, we can get on someone else's bus for a
while, and also they can pick up someone else. But in the end, they take their
own buses towards each goal. Energy is the driving force behind this bus. This
energy comes from “me”, the driver of the bus. There are two forms of energy:
positive energy and negative energy. Positive energy drives this bus
vigorously, but negative energy rather steals power. This energy is created
from our attitudes, and we can choose what form of energy we will get. The
author encourages readers to fill their buses with this positive energy. He
also introduces various ways to fill positive energy.
  Through the book, I
realized that it was important to know how many choices you had. In other
words, I have learned how important it is to accept that everything is our
choice Negative emotions, according to the book's expression, negative energy comes
from thinking that something is being forced. In other words, we become
dissatisfied because we think it has nothing to do with our will. Also, we
think it's something we didn't choose, so we work with negative energy. But is
it really unrelated to our will and not our choice? As this book points out,
everything in our life is our choice. Come to think of it, my actions, words,
attitudes, and emotions are all the result of our choice. It is a factor that
can vary sufficiently with just effort. It's a fact that's obvious but not
obvious.
We often forget that everything is the result of our choices.
Sometimes we know but consciously reject this fact. In other words, we accept
our actions as forced. And we accept our feelings and attitudes as having no
choice. In this way, we rationalize negative behaviors and attitudes to lighten
the burden on our minds. It also attributes this negative energy to the outside
world, not to our-self. This accumulated negative energy is also expressed
outside. Infect others, and eventually our whole life is full of
negative energy. The way to stop this negative energy erosion is to admit that
it's all our choice. That is, if you don't forget how many choices you have, some
change happens. First, we will find our identity by thinking about what we can
choose in our life. This identity leads to the will to live and leads back to
positive energy. Also, you can work with positive energy even if you encounter
troublesome or overwhelming tasks. We accept that this hassle, this unbearable
task, is our choice. Even though the work is still hard enough, we can endure
it silently with responsibility by realizing that it is our choice.
So in order to lock up negative
energy and have positive energy, we have to think about how many choices we
have in our lives. And we have to admit that everything in life is the result
of our choices.

I
could understand the importance of positive thinking. The importance of
positive thinking and mindfulness is a must-have topic in self-development. For
example, “If you think about yourself successful over and over again, you're
actually close to success”, “When you imagine happy things, you actually become
happy.”. Reading this, I thought it is absolute nonsense. I didn't realize that
we could get close to our goal just by imagining it. But, I could understand
the importance of positive thinking through the “Energy law” introduced in this
book. Thinking is like a magnet. So when you come up with an idea, the idea
attracts the object of the idea like a magnet. In that sense, when we think
negatively, we actually only see negative things, and as a result, we become
negative Conversely, focusing on positive thinking actually finds more positive
aspects, which gain positive energy. That is, energy begins with thought. This
is the law of energy. I thought thoughts and attitudes were separable.
Regardless of what thoughts and feelings I have in my mind, I thought it was
possible to see and grasp external facts objectively. However, as I read about
the energy law, I realized that my thoughts and attitudes are inseparable. I
couldn't help but admit that our thoughts create energy. If you have any idea,
you are more attracted to similar facts in some way, and they come together to
become emotions and attitudes. Therefore, in order to become a person who
releases positive energy, one must first fill one's thoughts with positive
things. 

I
realized the importance of having a vision of life. Positive energy is needed
to drive one's own bus, but the right destination is also important. The
importance of this destination is compared to building a house without a design
in the book. Just as a house cannot be built without a blueprint, it is
meaningless to just drive a bus without knowing its destination. Without
vision, you can't go anywhere. "Don't you know what you want to do? Then
do anything!" There's no point in just doing something without a vision,
swept away by the current of this world. Since there is no vision, it is impossible
to make sure that it is going in the right direction. If you're wrong, of
course you don't know where to go again. The absence of a vision causes unrest
whose purpose is unknown. But if you have a vision, you can set the direction
of the bus. The positive energy generated in the process of contemplating the
vision is the driving force behind the bus. Also, if you have a vision, you can
set a direction to solve the crisis even if you face it. "What should I
do?", instead of "I don't know, I'll take my chances...." This
vision is also a force that makes people stronger in times of crisis. I would
like to recommend this book to those who doubt the role of vision. I could
relate to the importance of a vision that gives life meaning, creates positive
energy, and makes it stronger.