It is an inevitable fact that the discovery of quantum physics has devastated pre-existing world. Physics itself was challenged with the new scientific facts as the Copenhagen Interpretation denied a lot of classical physics. The given uncertainty principle limited classical physic's formulas and understandings. The impact of the quantum physics was not only shown in the area of science, but in whole boundary of human society. Language, thoughts, and ideas had to reshape to meet the new standard of science, and such shift dramatically impacted philosophy.The main theorem of quantum physics clearly denies the idea of causation. There are a lot of things in our world that happens after something in the light of causation. For example, a tree grows when there are sufficient nutrients and environment, and lightning struck when there is an electrical imbalance between cloud and ground. However, what happens as a result of something may not happen in the world of quanta. And such fact makes it hard to be understood by the people. Quantum physic's on language is one of the most intriguing part. The book claims that the pre-existing language is limited to our everyday life, thus it lacks to explain what is happening in the atomic level. In the world of atoms and quanta our beliefs tend to not to cope with the reality as the world is not only ruled by possibilities but also many parts that science has failed to explain. As language was made to explain what people know about, the language cannot explain the quanta world as it cannot be seen nor be clearly explained. Philisopher Ludwig Wittgenstein claims about picture theory where statements are legit only when it can be pictured. If so, what would happen to the world of quants and language describing it? The book claims the specific details can only be elaborated in mathematical terms and impossible with our verbal language. Yet, I believe there is a much better way of presenting the atomic world. Presenting it in form of an art may dilute it's inherent vagueness. One of the most complex notion is human emotions. Sadness, anger, love cannot be described in language but only can be ambiguously depicted just like the world of quanta. After finding out about the scientific facts of the quantum theory, conveying the knowledge around it by an art may be more effective than using a classical language.