Book reportKho GwanSeon (고관선) 2018312518I recall a TED video in which
Bill Gates talks about his wish that could improve well-being of modern world
society for the next 50 years would be to have an energy miracle, rather than
anything else. By the term energy miracle, he meant a new technology that could
replace, or at least, reduce the petroleum pollution. Reading “The quest: Energy, Security and the Remaking
of the Modern World” by Daniel Yergin reminded me of the video and I could
better understand Gate’s perspective.

The Quest is divided into six
different chapters and the book starts its first section by recounting notable
events, from the Persian Gulf war of 1990-91 up to the present days, including
various subtopics like the Iraqi war, oil countries, Chinese entering the major
oil market, the Caspian, Iran and Venezuela. More specifically, Yergin narrates
the decade-long fights among countries trying to domesticate oil fountains and
the geographic elements that further encourages the competition. Yergin not
only focuses on the complex world of the modern oil industry, but also on the
‘new’ significant players and the developing nations, China being one of the
most obvious example, in the first chapter.

Next part focuses on energy
security and the future of energy supplies. Yergin illustrates the near future
where petroleum runs out and the rising need of investment on renewable
energies. He further articulates how the shale gas, considered one of the
biggest energy innovation ever since 21st century, provided public
with enormous amount of petroleum resources that people can employ for about
another century. 

Third section of the book deals
with electricity, that has transformed the world in an alarming rate since its
invention in 1882 by Thomas Edison. Yergin, as he clarifies the critical
importance of electricity, he introduces readers to his concept of ‘gadgetwatts’,
in which he depicts a number of essential digital devices in the modern
society: the smartphones, laptops, and iPads that are run by electricity. Even
a few decades ago, 91 percent of household electricity in United States was
composed of daily-necessities like the indoor lights, refrigerators, boilers,
and heaters, whereas they only account for 55 percent nowadays; the so-called ‘gadgetwatts’
take up most of the 45 percent in the modern United States. Yergin predicts the
upcoming future, saying that the governments will have to make their decisions
on which energy sources to deplete for electricity support, which is indispensable
in the present day.

The fourth section is devoted in
enlightening how the climate change has now become the most dominant problem in
the future of energy. Yergin offers his political perspective in explaining the
emerging attention at the global warming and climate changes. Since the end of
1950s, numbers of scientists started to sense the initial signal of global
warming, and as the global warming exacerbates, it began to play a significant
role in politics, specifically influencing politicians’ decision making and
brands’ corporate image.

Continued with section five,
Yergin introduces renewable energies, such as solar, wind and bio energy, and narrates
the production process and history of such energies. The renewable energy
industry is a fine result of innovation, creativity, political struggles,
controversies, disappointment and recovery; though the recent massive investment
and studies make the industry look big and strong, there still are endless ways
to go, and small sized, compared to the precedent energy industries. However,
Yergin clarifies how the renewable energy is projected to make the biggest contribution
not only to energy market, but also to the modern world, as a whole, in the
near future.

The final chapter, ‘Road to the
future’, handles the present and future status of transportation, especially
the hybrid vehicles. Yergin highlights the usage of coal and petroleum by the
traditional automobiles and compares it to the rising hybrid technology, in
which renewable energies are employed to run the vehicle. Nevertheless, the
writer underscores how it is impossible at this moment for hybrid automobiles
to overrun the petroleum based vehicles, but as the low carbon options for
automobiles prove themselves to be competitive, an innovational change
including biofuels and natural gas, in energy market would take place.

As reading the book, I realized the
six different chapters dealt with different topics and questions, but
eventually combined to one simple word: energy, which may sound obvious, but I
thought was interesting, because I never noticed there exists so much about energy
that it could fill up over 800 pages. As an outsider of science and environment,
I figured energies are finite and that it would run out someday, but I never
had a chance to really get into why they run out and what must be done to
prepare for such shortage.

It seems clear that Yergin is
unsatisfied with the energy management and policies, but he is hopeful that the
renewable energies may play a significant role in replacing the traditional
sources of energy and electricity for carbon-free future.

Politicians and governments are,
in nature, susceptible to public opinions, thus it is nearly impossible for
them to satisfy either environmentalists or scientists. Yergin also mentions
how governments’ decision making has periodically largely influenced by
political reasons rather than scientific perspectives. Government involvement
such as subsidies for hybrid energy employments and carbon tax would be a great
way to support for green technology, which, I believe is unfeasible. 

What I found interesting was how
it takes decades to actually benefit from the renewable energy production. For
renewable energy to be produced, it needs to be carefully planned and managed,
and if the structure is inefficient, it would take even longer time to break
even. For example, windmills produce certain amount of energy through rotation,
but it requires lifting force, meaning that it would not perform efficiently
without appropriate whether condition. It was astounding for me to really understand
why renewable energies cannot replace the traditional energies at the moment.

Lastly, “The Quest” offered me a completely new and interesting perspective.
Energy was actually one of the most indispensable part of my daily life, replacing
my original choice for my only possession to keep when I am left alone in a
desert island, smartphone. Nearly everything in my life, I came to realize,
will blackout without the help of energy.