This book deals with energy issues all over the world. The energy issue is currently the hottest topic in the world, with the Biden administration also showing its commitment to eco-friendly policies, led by the Green New Deal. Human beings and energy are inseparable. We have always gained energy by using and processing nature, and we have made rapid progress in mankind. However, in the process, not only various problems, environmental problems, but also political, social, and economic problems occurred throughout the world, which determined the fate of a nation. I was particularly interested in the country's economic problems related to energy. Aside from the problem of rising and falling prices of energy, the existence of energy itself has an economic impact on countries more than we think, and it also constitutes the identity of a country. Especially, I was interested in the concept of petrostate among them.A petrostate is a nation whose economy is heavily dependent on the extraction and export of oil or natural gas. Petrostates also have highly concentrated political and economic power, resting in the hands of an elite, as well as unaccountable political institutions which are susceptible to corruption. Petrostate are countries that benefit from huge amounts of energy resources. Energy exporters are accumulating tremendous wealth, and there seems to be nothing to worry about except resource depletion. But the reality is different. The fact that resources are abundant makes people's basic working ability low. There is no difficulty in life with a little work being subsidised by the Government. Capital intensive industries lacking such labour pose a major stumbling block to future development. This is called a reversed midas touch, in which people's expectations of government spending makes the fiscal  decision more rigid, leading to more spending. When oil prices go up, people expect the government to spend much more because it makes more money. In the process, numerous  subsidies and large-scale projects would have been established.  Then those policies are already in place when oil prices fall, and you won't be able to cut spending. If it does, the people will strongly condemn the Government and the government will not be elected in the next election. In addition to such a person's psychological problems, there are problems caused by the accumulation of real resources. That's the Dutch disease, which means that resource-rich countries temporarily boom due to resource exports, but eventually domestic manufacturing industry declines due to rising prices and decreasing currency values, eventually leading to an economic downturn. The money spent by the Reversed Midas touch flows heavily into the market and creates inflation. Then, domestic goods become more expensive compared to foreign countries, and other industries are depressed due to the lack of export competitiveness.For the reasons set above, the Petrostate Government will have to take great responsibility for their policies. These lives can be maintained when resources are abundant, but people will panic at the point of depletion of resourses. The already lost competitiveness of domestic industries and accustomed subsidised lives will make the country even more difficult, which is linked to the survival of the state. Transparent financial systems using pension funds, uncorrupted governments, and flexible policy management are essential conditions for petrostates not to decline. And to meet these conditions, the Government will have to implement economic policy with faith, not votes.