&lt;Physics and Philosophy (The Revolution in Modern Science)&gt;
Reading Review

Subtitle:  Whole
perception through part recognition &amp; Whole change through part change.

&lt;Introduction&gt;

This book consists of Heisenberg's story in the form
of an autobiography who made the principle of uncertainty and won the Nobel
Prize in Physics. He organized chapters in chronological order of what he
thought, felt, and realized, and, of course, he had enough thoughts, but most
of the enlightenment was gained through conversations and discussions with
people around him (famous physicists, teachers, students, juniors, etc.). We
could see that Heisenberg's ability to organize his thoughts more diversely and
deeply was also influenced by people around him. Watching this, I felt that it is
similar to Aristotle's Peripatetic school.

Some people know Heisenberg simply as a theoretical
physicist, but he is not, and he is also a man who shared deep concerns in
philosophy and humanities. The reason why this book is difficult is that
quantum mechanics was not born out of a simple interest in physics. For
example, the book felt somewhat difficult in that it had to think together
about how all various factors, such as philosophical, political, mathematical,
musical, and ethical thinking, were comprehensively intertwined and influenced
each other. While reading this book, I didn't fully understand everything, but
his worries and the message he wanted to convey were conveyed to me, who was
not smart, and gained new enlightenment in many ways.

&lt;Body&gt;

            The
first chapter begins with a reference to the social situation of 1920. After
the First World War, the established order collapsed, and young people think
that the older generation is ignorant. In places such as Prunn Castle
debates, he looked for hope, thinking that there is a central order, watching
music take order. Through his conversation with Kurt and Robert, he
thought of observations and theories as a chicken-egg relationship, and seemed
to start thinking about expanding them to science and philosophy, rational
thought and concepts. In Chapter 2, Heisenberg tells of his motivation
for becoming a pupil of Sommerfeld and meeting prominent physicists such as
Wolfgang Pauli and Niels Bohr, and promises to talk to Niels Bohr later.

            In
Chapter 3, Heisenberg questioned "the word I understood" because of
the difference between words such as time in relativity and the simple concept
of time in everyday life. With the help of Otto, Pauli, Bohr, and
others, he reconsidered the concept of understanding in modern physics,
considering the fundamental differences between Ptolemaeos’s astronomy and
Newton’s physics. Chapter 4 involves walking with Bohr and talking about
war and German culture. Bohr's important point was that German culture
emphasized a huge order and mentioned the dangers of Germany through its lack
of a culture that respects freedom.

            In Chapter 5, Heisenberg seemed to
have greatly helped to discover the principle of uncertainty through his
conversation with Einstein. When we look at the world, we know that
different theories may be simpler depending on how we express a given
observation, and that it is naive to focus only on what we can observe. Chapter
6 refers to the limitations of the concept of orbit through the cloud chamber,
which further approaches the uncertainty principle. 

Chapter 7 also shows that there were discussions on
religion and science in Solvay.  In Chapter 8, Heisenberg discusses
the development of practical thinking and science with Burton. Even if physics
is replaced by quantum mechanics, its completeness should not be denied, and it
requires a leap in the pursuit of physical development, i.e., a change in
axioms. In Chapter 9, Bohr explains complementarity through the example of
temperature and suggests that life should be understood by this concept. If you
know the state of an atom, you don't know the concept of "living,"
and if you look at the position of life, you don't know the state of an atom.
Through this, we can see Bohr's insight.

Chapters
10 and 11 discuss Kant’s philosophy and language. He doesn’t think
language expresses human thought, but language comes from human experience. In
quantum mechanics, experimental observations are also considered impossible to
understand after removing mathematics. Through the conversation with Bohr, he
learns that human thought is based on everyday language and that he has no
choice but to describe it with classical physics concepts.

Chapters 12 and 13 discuss the possibilities of
nuclear technology after Hitler became Fuhrer. It was a
conversation that accurately conveyed Heisenberg's thoughts, which had been
vaguely felt before, in a conversation with a nationalism student. He
could see that he thought that only when one person, group and part, such as an
atom or particle, changed could the whole change. Chapters 14 and 15
deal with the relationship between political catastrophe and scientific
thinking, and Heisenberg get upset that people were not scientific enough on
the issue and that critical thinking was not cultivated.  Chapters
16 and 17 deal with the issue of personal responsibility and right and wrong.
He stresses that there is absolute truth, but nevertheless, it is a means of
determining right and wrong. I thought it were chapters where I could see his
values, although I felt a little contradictory in my personal opinion in terms
of purpose and means.

&lt;Conclusion&gt;

            As
an undergraduate, I thought philosophy and physics were very separate and very
far from each other, but after reading the book, I thought it was difficult to
develop into two fields, and even a healthy world. I knew the atmosphere
of the 20th century, when philosophical concerns and scientific use were
important, and I think it is definitely important in the 21st century. Finally,
when I read the book and thought about what the part and the whole mean, I can
think of it as micro particles and the whole as macroscopic everything. In
addition, part refers to the exploration of physics, and the whole can be
thought of as the scope of all disciplines and activities related to physics,
including morality, philosophy, and religion.