I.           [Ha Yeong Kim 2018315325]            Book
Summary

What
will the future of energy look like over the next 40 years? Daniel Yergin
tackles this question on his book, The
Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World. The book
outlines the modern state of the global energy system in 2 perspectives:
scientific and political.

Throughout
human history, energy is portrayed in different ways. For many years, labor of
men and animals served as the main source of energy. However, with the
introduction of energy generated from burning coal and oil, the electric age
emerged. Known as the father of nuclear Navy, Adm. Hyman Rickover calculated
how from beginning of 19th century to mid-1900s, global energy
generation evolved from 94% muscle power to 93% fossil fuels.

The
book is largely divided in 6 sections. In the first section, geopolitical
change from the Gulf War to the fall of the USSR is portrayed. This section
shows how energy demands of the developing world grew exponentially with the
growth of China. The rise in the use of electricity led to ‘the electric age’. For
many years, predictions of the end of oil has been questioned ever since
Rickover’s speech in 1957. In the speech, Rickover proposed a warning claiming
that the world would run out of fossil fuels at some point after 2000. However,
in fact, oil production is five times greater than it was back in 1957. 

Making
up about 80% of the world’s energy mix, the majority of global electricity
comes from coal today. However, the burning of fossil fuels has a cost. Yergin
clearly shows how he is in accordance with the claim that humans are
contributing to global warming. For instance, scientists mainly agree that
evidence shows that every year, about 30 million tons of carbon dioxide is
released in the atmosphere, which affects earth’s climate. Although scientists
cannot fully estimate the extent and effect of the contribution, they still
acknowledge this emerging problem on the rise. 

In
order to solve this problem, many energy companies have come up with renewable
technologies to replace fossil fuels. However, from a scientific point of view,
the book poses limitations in renewable technologies such as electricity
generated from solar and wind energy. Yergin critiques wind and solar energy as
‘unreliable’ because they are expensive and intermittent. In order to solve
this problem, they would need to come up with a way to store the produced
energy to use it when sunlight and wind is not available. The use of battery
power could make this viable. However, according to Bill Gates, even if the
entire world’s battery capacity is gathered, it will only store 10 minutes of
the world’s current energy usage. Therefore, the ‘storage’ portion of the
energy-generating-chain is still missing. With the lack of this portion, Yergin claims that green technology poses limits since it will not be able to provide
enough affordable and reliable energy meeting the current demand. Additionally,
nuclear energy could be another option to zero-carbon promising technology but
it has its own downsides such as high costs, large waste disposal, and wary
customers of nuclear power. 

Whereas,
the book also analyzes the current global energy system regulations from a
political point of view. According Yergin, political policy on energy is
flawed. He claimed that government decision-making has been guided by political
necessity and claims rather than a more general scientific approach. For
example, when governments subsided ethanol production, ultimately it caused
more harm than good. In order to solve this problem, two things could be done.
First, carbon emissions can have higher costs through carbon tax. Second, the
government can fund research into alternative, renewable energies such as green
technology. 

Yergin
wraps up his book by emphasizing how the future requires the understanding of
the wide range of characters and principles that will reshape the energy
system. With energy acting as a centrality to the modern age, affordable and
sufficient renewable technologies that could potentially replace fossil fuels
are to be developed. 

Personal Thoughts

This
book introduces fundamental issues that define energy today. It is clear that
Yergin thinks that energy policy is not on the right course from both
scientific and political stand-point. 

I
agree with the general idea that renewable technologies should consider the
affordability and sustainability of its course. It is of no doubt that the current
renewable technologies show limitations in productivity and affordability.
Moreover, it is largely dependent on the existence of solar-light and wind
power. With this in mind, the book does make a convincing point that weaning
from fossil fuels by 100% is very unlikely. While coal is plentiful in a
worldwide level, unless a new technology or a more improved one with half the
price of coal and no carbon is introduced, market giants who practice the
burning of coal in their supply chain like China will never adopt it.

 One thing that I found interesting in the book
was the dispreference of nuclear energy. With it being the most promising zero
carbon technology, I thought that the fear of the public about nuclear
accidents should be minimal since in fact, more accidents resulting in death
have occurred from oil drilling and coal mining in the past. 

Additionally,
the current situation with generating energy in the future seems ironic since
replacing fossil fuels for a more sustainable energy would be preferable but it
would inquire higher costs. However, without the development of stored
renewable energy, nobody can fully estimate the extent of the effect it could
have on climate change, and on global warming, affecting the entire human race.  

Lastly,
I would like to point out that Energy is indeed one of the most crucial part of
our everyday lives. Even so, many times I tend to overlook the reason behind
the things that I encounter on a daily basis. For instance, I never gave much
thought about the complications behind renewable energy or about the
governmental decisions having direct effects on the environment. However, as
Yergin pointed out, the replacement of fossil fuels seems like a time-ticking bomb
that has to be solved in the near future.