Often, when we study history, we tend to learn that the second world war has begun because of such-and-such material reasons, like economic depression had somehow driven German and Japanese people assent to totalitarianism, which is a fair description of their acts not their thoughts, and then we tend to think that some scientists with no introspection came to develop atomic bombs. So it is so easy to think that 'they hadn't any critical thinking to do such things!'. Similarly, when we studied science or mathematics in school, we've learnt 'what' ancient philosophers or modern scientists had thought, which appear to us as static hypothetical theories or verified formulas and thus we tend to think that 'scientists are so genius or mad that they came up with those ideas by pop-ups of their brains!', which is partly right but disregarding their process of thought.This book refutes such prejudices-showing that behind those important historical events and scientific developments, there were 'clash' between somewhat logical thoughts(logical and humane thoughts than I expected). As philosophies intervened in such clashes, and sometimes a new philosophy came to life-Heisenberg's argument that different scientific theories has different axioms and scope of application, so that an established scientific theory is self-complete came to me as herald for Kuhn's theory of paradigm. Important philosophical theories has appeared in this book-realism, pragmatism, logical positivism, and Kantianism. (As a student majoring philosophy, I was a bit surprised that philosophy really mattered in scientific development, and scientific development itself can have strong implications on philosophy.) Transition from geocentrism to heliocentrism and Newtonian physics will be seen as a transition from incorrect description to fair description of 'reality' so that the latter gives us a better understanding for the nature, according to realist view, and seen as a replacing a tool assessed by accuracy and simplicity according to pragmatist view, and a change to a better theory which explains our perception according to positivist view, and lastly, changing to a theory which is based on our form of intuition and reason which produces our a priori knowledge, according to Kantian view. These views would definitely affect physicist's views of new theory of atom physics, which seem to be very anti-intuitive but explains the observations. Realist Einstein rejects the theory that excludes the description of the status of the unobserved electrons in principle and which accepts non-continuous change of physical states, and thus thought that atom physics at that time was incomplete.(and he rejects the view that only contents of observations should be considered, because observation itself is affected by theory.).  Pragmatists had no hard time for accepting the new theory-only accuracy mattered. Positivists had no reason to reject it-it is meaningless to talk about what is the nature of observation, or what reality is. Kantianists would have hard time to accept it because quantum physics could overturn the determinist notion of causality, which is an a priori notion that enables our experience for Kantians. Heisenberg and Bohr points out the paradox of atom physics-observations to verify the new theory relies upon old theory and notions which just fits in with our ordinary intuition, but the new theory itself is so counter-intuitive. Keeping this in mind, just having a vague grasping view to watch the clash of those philosophies made sweats out of my hand. Besides those clash of theoretic ones, there were also ethical clashes all over Heisenberg's life. How to restart German country after WW1, what to study, whether to leave Germany under Nazi government, how to make peaceful nuclear technology approved after WW2, etc. Considering WW2, some German people believed that Hitler was suggesting new order for the world, just like scientists have abandoned old theory to accept the new one. And scientists in America was considerate enough to think that Germany may develop an atomic bomb. Considering nuclear technology, textbooks of ethics told us that scientists should be responsible for their research, but those books does not think too much about how much politicians hate scientist's intervention in politics. There are too many factors for us to consider ourselves as being rational and others irrational. I have come to think that we cannot be so sure about our rationality.I regarded myself as a positivist, evading comprehensive and abstract questions about how our world is and should be as meaningless, and thus pure academics and scholars cannot cope with those questions. But after reading this book, I came to know that I belong to some human community and thus I cannot evade those questions-I am using our society's language which reflects our prescription of our worldviews, and scholars in academics too are living and interacting in such society. We are living in a world with clashing views.