Through the Energy in Life class, I came
across the book “The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remarking of the Modern
World”. As the title suggests, this book tells stories surrounded by energy. It
describes from the author's own new perspective what kind of economic and
social problems energy has developed through and how energy has influenced the
world's politics.

The author talks about issues such as the
struggle for control over petroleum, anxiety in the supply of petroleum, and
depletion of petroleum, and talks about oil, which occupies a large proportion
of oil in current life. In addition, it is divided into a total of six chapters,
including "shale gas," which is called world-renowned new energy.

Among the many stories, the story of East
and West Germany was the most interesting. It was impressive to see talent talk
about German unification on an TV show recently, so it was memorable. By the
way, the story came out in the book as it is. East and West Germany were
divided based on the Berlin Wall. However, after a leader of East Germany
issued an ambiguous message at a press conference one day, people demanded that
the barrier be opened. As a result, the barrier collapsed 30 years after the
barrier was built. In other words, Germany's division ended due to an ambiguous
message. That's all I know, but this book has a history after the end of the
Cold War. At its center is 'energy'.

Germany is now the world's leading country
in the field of renewable energy and contributes a lot to laying the foundation
for the world's renewable energy industry today. I think the basis for this
result was the Green Party's environmental federation, which was created at the
time the Berlin Wall collapsed.

The Green party is an environmental
organization that opposes nuclear power and seeks to promote renewable energy.
In addition, the organization gained credit for the nuclear accident in
Chernobyl. In conclusion, the organization played a role in promoting the
development of renewable energy as Germany gradually stopped nuclear power
generation.

Likewise, environmental leader Hermann Share,
who opposed nuclear power, said.

"The world should not rely on power
sources that cannot be handled in the event of a major accident."

I was greatly touched by this word. At the
same time, Korea is the world's No. 1 country in nuclear power plant density,
and the number of people within the 30-kilometer radius of nuclear power plants
is also No. 1 in the world. There is no 100% guarantee that a nuclear explosion
will not occur in Korea. Just as it is unpredictable because it is an accident,
we should prevent it in advance. Therefore, I think Korea should promote the
development of renewable energy such as solar power generation and wind power
generation by conducting de-nuclear power plants as in the case of Germany
above.

As such, this book shows people the history
of the past and provides an opportunity to think about energy in what direction
and how we will use energy appropriately from the present to the future.

Everyone reads this book, knows that energy
goes with humans, and think about right direction of energy development.