Daniel
Yergin, one of the most influential voices in the field of energy and economy,
has released a book discussing the power of energy in terms of global politics
as well as economy. Our world is changing drastically as each second passes by,
and thus it is important to learn about the source of energy that the earth
consumes every day. I would highly recommend this literature to those who are
fascinated and wishes to research on the complicative factors regarding the
energy system. 

After
reading the book, I was fascinated at how Daniel Yergin had the ability to  connect energy to its historical, political and
economic status in the world. I was able to learn about how the past was, in
which particularly how the oil industry underwent chaos, due to depletion of
resources beforehand. Many initially had pessimistic thoughts, thinking that
there will no longer be significant innovations or resources that could help
increase its resource. They thought oil would just disappear into thin air
after a few years. However, they were wrong. Thanks to the human mind and
determination, new excavation sites, as well as new technologies were developed,
reducing the likelihood of oil from vanishing. However, by 21st century, issues
involving oil scarcity were raised for the fifth time. Many theories were
conjured, in which most would state that oil resources will run up dry rapidly,
thus ruling it unsustainable and eventually leading to complete extinction. Majority
of these theories had a somewhat accurate point, but one key factor was
missing. Changes in technology and economics were vital points but were not
considered. As the years go by, newer and more effective technologies are
discovered,  improving and adding several
things to the current oil resources that we do have. This helps us conclude
that the world is in fact still in a safe status, and oil would not run out for
another years to come by. However, we should still consider the political risk
factors surrounding it, and thus use it as sustainably as we can. 

It
was also very interesting that Daniel mentioned how the oil production had a
huge historical and political impact on World War II. In fact, Japan’s desire
for oil was one of the prime reasons why Japan joined the war. Hitler also
wanted to obtain oil from other parts of the world, persuading him to invade
the Soviet Union. This shows the enormous significance of oil, one of the
primary sources of energy, has had an impact on our lives since day 1. 

Another
point that I found compelling in the book was how Daniel emphasized the
revolution of natural gas and how it had processed along the years. In terms of
economic standpoint, gas from shale was hard to obtain due to financial
problems in the past. Through the merging of fraccing and horizontal drilling,
the unconventional gas revolution was created, making shale gas more commercially
accessible. Thus, costs were decreasing, and became abundant in size. However,
it did have its disadvantages. The controversy regarding shale gas as being a
danger to the environment, as well as debates regarding its policy initially caused
its struggle in having a larger role in electric power. However, the use of
natural gas is growing, and it is fuel for future; we must recognize its
importance in our daily use. 

After
finishing my reading, this book has helped lead me to a wider perspective on
energy use and its position in the global world. Daniel Yergin’s point of view
on energy has made me recognize new values and connections that it has in the
capital world. This book has strengthened my viewpoint on science, which is that
it is the leader of our past, present, and future. Thus, we must be more
knowledgeable about energy and the science surrounding it to create a better
future for our generation.