Death of Mrs. Mallard,Birth of LouiseThe Story of an Hour by Kate Chopin is notable forcontaining feminist factors told in an omniscient point of view. To give abrief summary of the novel, The Story ofan Hour begins with Mrs. Mallard who has a problem in her heart. Unlikemost people who lost their spouse, Mrs. Mallard accepted her husband’s death.She was in a condition of sadness, but she quickly grows out of that emotion.After grieving for her husband’s death, Mrs. Mallard’s goes through anunconscious spiritual awakening that changes her from a passive, naive womanthat society demanded to an independent woman who desires freedom. There aremany factors in this novel that shows its feminist character, but I want tofocus on two factors which are the open window, and the name of the characters.First,the open window plays the most significant role in Louise Mallard’s awakening.It directly affected Louise Mallard to feel freedom, independence, and to thinkoutside of the social conventions. To Louise, her own room with the window openunlike the dining room allowed her own privacy where people could not see her.“Contrasted to the things down to the ground that stand for the conventionalreality of the patriarchal society, there are the nature of spring that aresymbolically pregnant with a potential new life outside the open window”. By calmly staring outside at spring nature having new lives made Louisehappy and unconsciously influenced her thoughts and desire to be free. Theseeventually led her to feel joy without worrying if these thoughts’ will beaccepted in the patriarchal society. Therefore, the open window is a crucialfactor since it plays a major role in Louise’s growth femininely.Second,the names of the characters are another factor that I want to talk about. Asstated in the first sentence of The Storyof an Hour, “Knowing that Mrs. Mallard was afflicted with a heart trouble,great care was taken to break to her as gently as possible the news of herhusband’s death” includes the fact that the main character’s name,Louise Mallard, is written as Mrs. Mallard to state whose wife it is, and notby her own first name. “It means Brent Mallard not only firmly grips Louise’slife but also tightly controls Louise’s fate by plundering and laying waste ofher freedom and selfidentity . Even in the story, Louise’s first namefirst comes out when her sister Josephine calls Louise by her first name. Thismeans Louise Mallard was not awaken until her sister calls her by her own name.By this we can find out the relationship between Brent Mallard and LouiseMallard, that the wife is held by the husband like a possession during theperiod of this novel. In the way her name changes from Mrs. Mallard to Louise,the writer shows a dramatic change in realization of feminism.However,there are still some questions that remain about the death of Louise Mallard.Some think it was the best result for women at that time after the suddendeath, Mrs. Mallard gains the eternal spiritual freedom and to some extent, sheis not tragic and has taken fate in her own hands, making the supreme masteryover her destiny . All in all, factors like the open window, and thechange in name of the character shows the growth in Louise and the awareness ofthe author Kate Chopin.Work CitedWan, Xuding. "FeminineSelfAssertion in "The Story of an Hour"." N.p., n.d. Web.Chopin, Kate, and KateChopin. The story of an hour. Logan, IA Perfection Learning, 2001.