Fanny of Mansfield Park, the Socratic Figure of Jane AustenA story of a timid girlbecoming lady of a gentleman “with so much true merit and true love, and no wantof fortune or friends,” clearly sounds like a typical Cinderellastory. Even though our Fanny Price, the heroine of Mansfield Park, follows the path, the novel seems peculiarlyunattractive. Some like C.S. Lewis and Reginald Farrer might find Fanny Price fromJane Austen’s Mansfield Park only “insipid”and “priggish” . It is true that she is not adventurous oroutgoing figure; however, if carefully appreciated, the novel may spark moreand Fanny’s life depicted in the novel would reveal the way to live on in thepolarized world of today that is “polytheism” in Weber’s expression .Distinguished from other characters, Fanny Price reveals her image as aSocrates of Mansfield teaching us another lifestyle.To start with, her storyshall not be miscomprehended even though some critics describe Mansfield Park boring and too plain ordidactic. Surly there are other views. Some understand the book itself morepolitically intriguing masterpiece as “subversive” story or “revolutionary”whereas the whole story could be deciphered that the ideaof British tradition is enshrined in it . Those diverting ideasdoes not only root from different interpretation of various political views butrather internally developed. In accordance, Litvak presents another perspectivethat the story is not that simply “equivocal” but contains “instability” .Simply summarized, this book could be potentially more intriguing than it readsat first.Although the whole storymay not be so obvious, Fanny is often symbolized as a strict moralist andexcessively passive since all that she does is opposite to act. Nevertheless,her passiveness supersedes others’ activeness, and it is possible to concludethat she is actually quite vibrant not merely “timid and shy” . Forinstances, she is the only productive and diligent figure among Mansfieldfamily members – Miss Bertrams and Mr. Bertrams do not seem to produce anythingin the same sense as Fanny does great service to them; Sir Thomas is not reallylaboring. Moreover, though she possesses nothing, she is generous andthoughtful enough to yield her sole joy, horseriding, to Mary Crawford. Additionally,she was so wise that she could see through other characters, seeing vices fromCrawfords that nobody notices. Furthermore, she is a brave girl whounflinchingly stood against all reprimander from Mrs. Norris and her youngcousins in order to protect her thought against the play Lover’s Vow. Hence, indeed, Fanny works quite busy physically,emotionally and intellectually, and the process is meticulously displayedthroughout the novel consistently.Discussion regardingFanny’s activeness so far may look like an express to Johnson’s revolutionaryinterpretation of this novel. Nonetheless, Fanny seems to trace after slightlydifferent and rather minor path instead of the feminism in the eighteenthcentury which derived from the Romantic Movement. Where Fanny arrives at last –“their home was the home of affection and comfort; and to complete the pictureof good, the acquisition of Mansfield living” – would not be expected from their logic. It seemsthat Fanny Price refuses to follow extreme rebels of the time. She fairlyretains her properties of being upright and rigid in moral issues which do notsubvert the current system but advocate. In brief, she desired to preservethose conventional values. In this sense she even looks like propaganda ofpuritans.As two contradictoryinterpretations could validate themselves sensibly, Fanny Price could not begrasped uniformly; otherwise, we may fall in confusion as Mary Crawford is “puzzled”. Those remarks, regarding her tributes as “stupidity”, which are “sneeredat” by maids and denounced as “ungrateful”or “ingratitude” ,grounds on superficial understanding. In fact, Fanny shows the strongestmind in the novel as she rejects to surrender to Sir Thomas’s gratitude. Whileshe notifies irrationality of the ruling hypocrites, Fanny Price abides by theEnglish customs, not only just talking but following and internalizing them.This selfcontradiction might not be the one that is expected from the otherRomantic feminists. She looks beyond more than phenomenal malfunctions of conventionalprinciples, and chose a bit different way from activists as she puts “if youonly want me as a listener, cousin, I will be as useful as I can; but I am not qualifiedfor an adviser . . . I am not competent” . In short, she examinesinstead of improve or innovate as a qualified philosopher would do.The way to understand herlife more properly would be philosophical; like the owl of Minerva, Fanny fliesat different time and direction. Fanny Price has been fortunate enough toattain time for reflection with thanks to her circumstances banished to an atticas a marginal alien and her introvert personality so that she laterdemonstrates “independence of spirit” . In contrast, the other main’characters represent various common paths of life Jane Austen describes LadyBertram for blinded compliance as she complies to her family and surroundingpeople’s advices , Mrs. Norris for compromise as she obeys to rulingclass to parasite and obtain her own interest in “economy” , Mrs. Price fordefiance as she runs away to “disoblige her family” ; Maria as unfortunate andspoiled one and Julia for lucky one due to “a favourable difference ofdisposition and circumstance” ; Tom as nearsighted and selfish debaucherywho received too much power over family and Edmund as kind but simple and naïvebeliever who cannot “give up” illusions ; Sir Thomas as “deceptive” and repressivehypocrites and Crawfords as “evil” and “easily tempted” figureswith new earthly value of materialism seeking “making the fortune” and “spendingit” . Although Fanny admits that Edmund “taught her tothink and feel on the subject”, she exceeds her cousin .The novel does notspecifically mention or elaborate her philosophical quality outstandingly, yether stubborn belief is relatively explicitly narrated in her incessant refusalsagainst several temptations. First, the most evident one is Henry’s. She politelybut resolutely turns down Henry’s propose of marriage although he had goodvoice, acting and confidence with real power that promoted her dearest WilliamPrice. Then, she successfully defends herself against Sir Thomas Bertram’soffense. Later, Edmund with preposterous blunder in understanding of his lowgradedpoor cousin tries to persuade Fanny, but she does not alter her judgment.Besides, in spite of Lady Bertram’s first and last advice saying that it is a “dutyto accept such a very unexceptionable offer” and Mrs. Norris’scontempt and “bitterly angry” reproaches, she saves her mind. Even if SirThomas’s cunning prescription of sending her back to poor home andMary’s têteàtête letters soothing her to some degree while she was back inPortsmouth, her eyes are not blinded.Not only marriage, thegoal life for eighteenth century females, she also keeps her ideals in otherscenes. Another exemplary anecdote is displayed in acting episode. The bravenessand intelligence can be observed in her disputes over acting with othersuperior figures. Again she is not swayed by Tom or Edmund, bucks against Mrs.Norris’s condemnation of “obstinateness” and “ungratefulness,” rather sheis “not unamused to observe the selfishness which, more or less disguised,seemed to govern them all, and wondering how it would end” . Thoughshe relies upon Sir Thomas, she does not just believe in him. She denies sothat she may fall in pensive reflection on her action later in her room Austen107. In sum, Fanny penetrated all those constant shakings from outside andmaintained her conscience.Along with herphilosophical battles with other opinions, sometimes her virtues were praisedverbally. Though her status started quite low and discriminatively as “not aMiss Bertram,” soon she proves that she is “little trouble,” and later theyaccept that “she is now quite as necessary to us” .After Sir Thomas’s return from Antigua, “at home did her value increase,” andfinally others begin to treat “her like her cousins” . In addition, her value is confirmed byEdmund, too. Uniquely, Edmund commends as following at the first ball in Fanny’slife “It is a lovely night, and they are much to be pitied who have not beentaught to feel in some degree as you who is Fanny do – who have not at leastbeen given a taste for nature in early life. They lose a great deal” Austen81. The attic of Fanny, “nest of comforts” also provides her with considerationtime, and instead of being immersed into worldly attractions she could appreciatethe nature and night sky’s stars . Thus, her passivepersonality should be comprehended as more active and vigorous in terms ofphilosophical examination on the world and herself.Still, one might raise anallegation against Fanny that the little heroine eventually fails to impel herphilosophy to the end as the last chapter of novel clearly conveys preservationof traditional regime that is evidently regarded as oppressive andcontradictory as Johnson points out in her essay. Briefly speaking, the end ofstory would satisfy the privileged class of male society not MaryWollstonecraft since Fanny ultimately remains within the current system of England,the idea of familystate, father for king. The idea is intrinsically oppressiveand antifeminist due to its deep connection to gender discriminativepatriarchy, stipulated in the theory of hierarchical beings by Plato, Aristotleand St. Paul . It is true that she never refutes directly orrebels like French; however, that does not mean that she infringes herconscience and moral principles. Actually, more than anyone, Fannyenthusiastically investigates them and practices them. The uncommon lifestylethat might appear as a hesitation and inferior confidence is in fact the way ofselfreflection and antidogmatism. What she does is not direct opposition andreformation of the world but to question those grave words which are imposed onher from outside in order to capsulate the essence beyond the superficial wordings.What we, the readers,should have solved from this confounding story is her paradoxical life thatseemingly breaks the customary principles in fact becomes the only life thatfulfills in protecting and preserving them. She is the philosopher in Mansfieldwho broke the rules to keep the rules like Socrates died instead of escapinghis death even though his friend recommended so . Because humanscannot halt time’s passing, one must live on based on whatsoever he or she hasin hand; however, the conventional morals, the criteria of our life, alwaysremain opaque and uncertain. Therefore, all individuals should question theirown behaviors and judgment afterwards not worship them as absolute and final.This may result in life with “repeated regrets after constant reflection” Lee232, yet unavoidable. The true meaning of being moral is not just to obey. Thenwhat is moral is defined by whether the actor is moral or not. It is observedas constant denials against codes of conduct that is shifting the attention fromhow to why. Robotlike rote practices do not suffice, but one should have “morality”in mind to live not only morally but also ethically. The ethical questions ourpast deeds rather than technical engineering of our future plans.If not given adequateemphasis, her secret role as a Socrates could be easily neglected since thestory leaves misleading hints not just because the novel sounds quite boring atfirst but because it is devised so. Even Fanny herself contributes her virtuesto Edmund, saying that “You taught meto think and feel on the subject, cousin;” however, in fact she is not at thesimilar or inferior level compared to Edmund . She speaks out that “there’sArcturus looking very bright” while Edmund was looking for “Cassiopeia” at the nightof ball . The former and Bears stay standstill and perform the guidefor navigators but the latter refers to beautiful appearance, and this pair resonateswith the Form and the appearance. Indeed Fanny Price played an important roleby standing against the world and work on her own experiences.Like Fanny Price, inmodern days, people encounter so many values, rules and advices; some of modernthoughts provoke people to be an extreme religious fundamentalists or mundanematerialists. Some might lament on the fact that our days have lost moralityand ethics by which one must abide. While some may advocate extreme relativismor extreme fundamentalism to this chaotic world for cure, after consultationwith Fanny Price, definitely, it approaches that our duty is to question,examine and reflect,’ not simple trust like Edmund, blindness like Lady, compromiselike Mrs. Norris, obedience like Miss Bertrams or destructive rebellion likeCrawfords. Little options are given to human like Fanny since humans have nochoice but to live on with defects and make mistakes, but because of the fact,it becomes our duty to consistently question others’ words and our acting. Atlast we, as descendants of Socrates, along with “Fanny . . . must have beenhappy in spite of every thing” , and readers owed a chicken to her.이 글은 영어회화및작문에서 과제로 제출됨.