EmilyComplexArose for Emily by William Faulkner begins with afuneral of Emily. People in small town all gathered to sorrow the death ofEmily who was the only remain person from the great time of southern part of America.By gathering, they started to reminisce Emily. In reminiscence, Emily graduallybecame monument not normal woman with the effect of how town people act inexternally, and how she think internally. After the death of Emily’s father, townpeople understood of Emily being psycho. By building sympathy why Emily isacting crazy, they began to understand Emily buying poison and refusing to paytax. Emily had an opportunity to get back to normal life by meeting HomerBarron, but because he was homosexual, it didn’t work well. After funeral, allthe town people went to the house of Emily where they did not visit for longtime and they found corpse of Homer Barron in room made up as pinkish room ofnewmarried couple. There are many questions remained unsolved like “Why Emilykilled Homer Barron”, “Who rose, not other flower”. These questions all arerelated with mental problem of Emily, Electra complex and necrophilia appearedto both Emily and Town people.Two main psychopathy appeared in Emily, Electracomplex and Necrophilia. First psychopathy is Electra complex; the relationshipbetween daughter and father, concept of oedipal complex. Oedipal complex is theson love his father irregularly and sexually. The writer, Faulkner slightlydescribe this by Emily’s abnormal respond to the dead body of her father. Shedoes not want to give up on his body and disbelief of his death. Emily waspossessed by an unresolved oedipal complex, here libidinal desires for herfather were transferred, after his death, to a male surrogate Homer Barron . Emily’s father and Homer Barronhave similarities, like both are strong man. Therefore, we can possibly assumethat the hope to remain her father even though it was dead, exactly moved toHomer Barron. Just like her dad, Emily want to possess that man not caring ofwhether he was dead or not. Second psychopathy affected Emily to kill HomerBarron is necrophilia. This necrophilia was actually appeared in both townpeople and Emily, plus town people affected Emily for this mental disease. Forbeing last person out of all prestigious families, her father pressured herlife and town people have some sort of expectations for her. She should bespecial, not like other normal person. By entering a love affair with HomerBarron, Emily briefly rebelled against southern values and the expectationtoward her. Then, by ending her affair with him, at least as far as thetownspeople were concerned, she conformed again to those values DilworthThomas. It means that to satisfy both her and her town people, Emily had to killHomer Barron. Eventually to Emily, by having corpse of him, she securedanticipation of town people and her love. This is why I think necrophilia ofEmily was influenced by town people.For lastly, the question why the flowerhas to be “rose”, not other flowers could also be explained with necrophilia. Itmight be a condolence toward the youth of woman, Emily who could not be anormal and see the world peculiar. We cannot, of course, totally understand thelife of Emily, or the motive why Emily decided to kill Homer Barron just byknowing these psychopathy. However, it can make us to think more carefullyabout this act, not just regarding this as an immoral crime. WorkcitedEmily Griersons Oedipus Complex Motif, Motive, and Meaning inFaulkners "A Rose for Emily". Scherting, JackStudies in Short Fiction; Newberry,S.C.17.4397 , Fall 1980. Web. 12 June 2017A Romance to Kill for Homicidal Complicity in Faulkners"A Rose for Emily" . Dilworth, Thomas. Studies in Short Fiction; Newberry,S.C.36.3 251, Summer 1999. Web. 11 June 2017.