Greedand money are important in The Maltese Falconbecause it acts as the main motivation for those characters to behave. Greedand money are obviously goals for them. I do agree that it is good to live withappropriate goals. It allows one to have a will and lead his or her own lifeinstead of living a dull life. But what if the processes of achieving goals isnot morally right? If one uses people as a tool in the process, throws away theuniversal values, and damages others, is that the right goal? The author, Hammet,is presenting The Maltese Falcon toteach us what the false goal pursuit can lead to, and to prompt the reader tothink about it.BrigidO’Shaughnessy, Casper Gutman, Joel Cairo, Wilmer Cook, and Floyd Thursby, all butSam Spade, look for money. Their greed for the large fortune of the falcon statuebrings them to the wrong end. Murder is the prime example. The cause of thedeath of the innocent Miles Archer was greed of the liar, O’Shaughnessy. And itwas also the greed for money that kills Thursby, who was once part of theGutman “family”. The desire, or we can say greed, to get hold of the maltese falconhas blinded people in the book.Thecharacters also throw away their faith in humans just for money. This is confirmedin the scene in which Gutman gives Wilmer Cook saying "You can have him."in the 18 chapters when Spade tells him that they need someone to be ascapegoat for the police. He simply betrayed Wilmer’s labor to get the falconstatue, and his faith in him and sacrifices just for his own wellbeing. It is actuallya violation of Kants insistence on treating all human beings for purposerather than for means. Gutman treated Wilmer like a tool to achieve his greedygoal. He pays for this with his own meaningless death. The fact that Gutmanhimself, who has been using a lot of tricks and falsehoods for 17 years just tofind the falcon statue, dies after being misled, implies that people should beahead of other values. Hammet is teaching us the lesson from this episode.Lastlyin this book, greed shows a persons duplicity. Cairo is the epitome of this. Assoon as he finds out that the statue is fake, he curses at Gutman, screaming"You fat fool! You imbecile! You bloated idiot! ". However whenGutman says he would keep on the “adventure” to find the statue, Cairo immediatelytries to comply. We could see it even in the movie. He was willing to lower hishead again to the one who just swore as if he had ruined his life if it’s forthe money. Our welltrained actress, O’Shaughnessy is also a good example oftwofaced person. When Spade says to cut out the acting, she laughs and says "Verywell, then, Mr. Spade, Im not at all the sort of person I pretend to be. Soyou wont expect me to drop it entirely, will you?". She admits thatshe was acting like a school girl to get his help for her own sake. From this,we can see how dual people can be in order to achieve their greed.Moneyand greed are the causes of the characters actions in this book. Alsomotivations, and goals. It was possible for the characters to work hard forthe goal, but their methods were very wrong. Hammet sends a message through The Maltese Falcon saying that livingwith a goal that suits your greed can make a positive life possible, but itshould be achieved in a right way.