When comparing Double Indemnity, The Maltese Falcon and TheBig Sleep, the most intuitive part is the male characters’ attitude towardfemale’. In Double Indemnity, we cantell how hard Walter Huff was shaken by Mrs. Nirdlinger when they met for thefirst time by him saying “I got in the car bawling myself out for being a fooljust because a woman had given me one sidelong look”. . Almost all of the motivations of his actionsare women as the story comes along. In the latter half, Mrs. Nirdlinger’s role isfollowed by a loving feeling for Lola Nirdlinger, who greatly affects thebehavior of Walter Huff. On the other hand, male characters in other two books showdifferent aspects.Thatsthe last scene in The Maltese Falcon.To Brigid OShaughnessy, who confesses love and denies the situation, Sam Spadesays “I won’t play the sap for you”243, TheMaltese Falcon firmly and explains why he has to hand her over to thepolice in a quiet tone. He is consistent in a cynical attitude toward her lovejust like the sharing of emotions and physical relationships between them wasall just for fun. It can be also found on TheBig Sleep, too. Philip Marlowe tells Vivian Regan who try to get him withher coquettish temptation, “I always wear my rubbers in bed myself, in case Iwake up with a bad conscience and have to sneak away from it”. It might have hurt her feelingsbecause of the fact that she believed she could seduce him with her physicaltemptation but she fell to do so, but Philip Marlowe focused on doing what hehas to get done and didnt pay much attention to anything else. I thought thatwas possible because he was satisfied with his own life. We can figure it outwhen Philip and Vivian had a conversation and he says “I didn’t mind that. Ididn’t mind what she called me, what anybody called me. Not much; a fewbooks, pictures, radio, chessmen, old letters, stuff like that. Nothing. Suchas they were they had all my memories”85, TheBig Sleep. In these two books, the male characters has never been ruinedby external interference, especially by women, while focusing only onperforming his duties. In DoubleIndemnity, however, Walter Huff behaves indisputably enough to join themurder plan proposed by a total stranger, just because she was attractive. Wecan say that this is not because of that womans powerful temptation, butrather because of the desire of escaping from a dull life and excitement ofdoing what was only thinking inside own mind. However, it is clear that moneyand Phyllis were part of that purpose.Thenext difference is the ending’. Both Sam Spade and Philip Marlowe are not a personof justice, not a hero, but a man who sometimes risks his life for his work butwithout a sense of duty. In other words, they are more like romantic cynicswith a brilliant brain who laugh at the world and life itself. Compare to themWalter Huff is more realistic. This means that he is an ordinary person. SamSpade, who is not swayed at all by the polices suspicions, always acts like hecan see everything through it, and is free in times of emergency, solves thecase and redeems his honor. Its a pity that he couldn’t get to stay with thewoman he liked, but I’m sure it wouldnt matter much to him since he still getIva. At the very end, he says “Well, let her in” and we can tell that he has returned to hisoriginal routine after all the incidents and happenings. It’s same for PhilipMarlowe. He solved all the clues of the case, and still he shows some regretsby saying that the alcohol bring backs silverwig’ and “I never saw heragain”, however,he’s fine himself.Incontrast, Walter Huff faces a tragic ending of suicide with Phyllis. It is not presenteddirectly, but it can be figured out when he says She looks like what cameaboard the ship to shoot dice for souls in the Rime of the Ancient Mariner.’70,Double Indemnity and The moon’ atthe very end. This is the result of an ordinary man being led away from themonotonous routine and attracted by an attractive woman. Since he is not assmart as the preceding characters or good in dealing with people, he could nothide his crime properly and ended up having such tragic consequences. It wasperhaps a proper ending for the dark side of man and greed, and aninappropriate love affair.Throughthe class, I could feel charms of hardboiled genre. In particular, I liked howboth films and books described the lonely characters portrayed the shakingbetween desire and guilt and the extreme actions that appeared to be thereaction for that. Furthermore, the descriptions of the scene when thecharacters desires collided were impressive. This led to a question of what wasthe motivation for the behaviors andwhat happened before making the decisions, and I realized that all three booksshare one similarity that womens explanations of the past are tooinsufficient. There was a strong feeling that women were characters who weresimply set up just for the plot. Especially in the case of Phyllis, there was aquestion of why she was so obsessed with money that he didnt mind killing. Wasshe born in a poor family? Was there any trauma of domestic violence that hascaused disgust for the man in her mind so that she wants to kill man for money?This seemed to me like the writer felt no more need for further explanation forthe female character than leaving interpretable room for the reader. This isalso true of the Brigid OShaughnessy case. There was little background that whatled her to confront men with her sixth sense of charm and chase money evenrisking her life. And in the case of Lola Nirdlinger, I understand that she isa character created to set up against Phyllis. But she was consumed as a simplemetaphor for the remaining conscience of Walter Huff after the murder thatleads him to more morally right decision. So his falling in love with Lola felta little bit artificial. It was regrettable that the social position of womenat that time was reflected in the book.