The most fascinating aspect of Daniel Yergin’s The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World’, is that Yergin reconstructs political and economic events in light of the influence natural resources has on politics. Yergin goes on to discuss how different energy sources, especially oil, drives the world’s leaders to acquire it to become a global powerhouse. Three events that drove nations to prosperity and destruction will be discussed in this review, and how those cases must be taken into account for future development.Firstly, Yergin talked about the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the rise of Russia. Natural mineral resources, such as oil and gas, were considered to be the ingredient to recovering Russia’s economy to compete at an international level. As Yergin mentions in his book, the force that drove Russia’s economic recovery and growth was extracting oil. The Russian case showed that oil production under a stable government that, is able to privatize and deregulate the industry, can successfully guide its economy into growth. However, there is speculation as to if Russia can maintain the production of oil suggests that a new form of energy, which may be a critical factor in Russia’s economic development.Another political event that is discussed is the War in Iraq. Although the motive behind the War in Iraq may be controversial, it was interesting how Yergin depicted the invasion in his book. The invasion of Iraq by the Unites States resulted in the dissolution of the Iraqi army and the stationing of American figures at the head of the oil industry. What once was an industry of high expectation that could possibly offer the world with more oil supply, the Iraqi oil industry under American surveillance was a disappointment that could not meet its potential. Yergin seems to subtly suggest that oil led to political turbulence which destroyed the industry that is responsible for most of Iraq’s economic activity. Yergin also discusses the growth in China and the increase in its demand for oil in a manner that is almost causal. Yergin seems to suggest that rapid economic development along with a huge population increases a nation’s demand for oil consumption. It was interesting how China put priority in developing a domestically selfsufficient oil industry. Their success shows that being able to selfsufficiently produce energy can successfully lead to industrialization and modernization. As a result, this text mentions that China moved out of poverty at an extraordinary rate. This shows that energy plays an important role in in the development of a country. However at the same time, Yergin mentions that consuming large amounts of oil and fastpaced development comes at an environmental cost, such as air pollution. This raises questions as to if mass energy consumption is indeed reliable, and whether it can sustain economic and social development. It seems that the underlying message Yergin wishes to deliver is that being able to control the world’s energy supplies is strongly correlated with development and growth. As a result, owning oil reserves holds much greater value, both economically and politically, which is can be seen in the growth of nations such as Russia and China, as well as the turmoil of nations such as Iraq. The competition to control oil reserves thus relates to international power, which can lead to prosperity or destruction. Therefore the importance of stable management of the industry under a stable political environment is extremely important. Furthermore, Yergin seems to be hinting that a more sustainable source of energy that is environmentally friendly is increasingly on demand. The environmental health is becoming an unavoidable factor along with economic development. For both to improve, sustainable and renewable energy sources must be developed, under a stable political economy.