For the entirety of my life, the concept of “quantumphysics” was too challenging for me to understand. Not only was science alreadydifficult for me, but also I didn’t even know the definition of quantum and how itwas used in science. I just assumed it was a more integrated part of deeper,more concentrated scientific areas and that it was going to be irrelevant in mylife. However, after taking the class and reading the book, I had theimpression that quantum physics was in my life all along, hidden in my blindspots.Weall learn science from a young age, since it’s a required field in anyeducation. Surely, we’ve all heard about quantum, but didn’t really give it athought. However, it turned out that quantum was integrated in the scienceclasses we have learned from a young age, although invisible to us. Whilereading the history of quantum physics chapter, I toppled upon familiar names –Einstein, Planck, Curie, Newton, Rutherford and such. Never did I imagine them beingrelated to quantum physics. It seemed like throughout the history of science,in areas we couldn’t imagine, quantum had a rather long history of development untilits status as a crucial area today.Anotherchapter that captured my attention was the one about language and reality inmodern physics. The chapter draws several comparisons between language and modernphysics. For example, Heisenberg provides examples with words and concept andhow the misunderstanding and uncertainty of them in some situations are closelyrelated to the scientific language. There is also mention that Greek philosophydating all the way back to Aristotle and Plato’s time have created a basis forscientific language. Additionally, Goethe’s Faust stresses the importance of unambiguityand logical patterns in language and this further helps explore modern physics.We use language to visualize concepts in science that cannot be seen in thenaked eye.So,after reading a book about modern physics that explains the concepts throughother areas of study, what conclusion did I come to about quantum physics in mylife? I came to realize that I knew nearly nothing about quantum physics. Iknew nothing about its history, its development and how crucial it is for us. Quantumphysics allows us to see the smaller details in scientific concepts and maps, sowe can see the bigger picture of science. Quantum physics for me is a bridge tounderstand ourselves better than we currently do. It will allow us to take hugeleaps into future scientific developments that will affect us.Afterreading the book, I felt that it was more of a guideline than a simpledescription and definition of modern physics. The book was wellwritten in away that made me, a person with a very clouded perspective on science,understand concepts I had difficulty with. By connecting quantum physics andmodern physics with other areas, such as language, philosophy and ways ofthinking, I realized that concepts explaining physics can also be applied inthe way we think in our daily lives. I feel like it was a genuine guidebook andI know I will have an easier time understanding concepts.