Book Review on lt;The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern Worldgt;To begin with, the book The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World gt; provides readers with insights to various source of “powers” that generate energy. From the use of wind and coal during the 19th century to the use of electrical energy of the present, this book allows readers to become more aware of our environment surroundings as well as instill a sense of responsibility in our actions.While reading through the essay, I was able to find five interesting topics and ideas from each part of the book. The first topic that caught my attention was the rise of China in the 2010s. In contrast to periods before 1990s, when China was a minor player in the oil industry, the stunning rapid economic development of China in the 21st century has witnessed China as being a major importerconsumer of world oil. Unfortunately, from my perspective, the positive economic development of China in fact causes more negative externalities than positive ones in the present world. The rising demand for oil and other natural resources has propelled China to lay claims to the oncepeaceful South China Sea, which has angered neighboring countries such as Vietnam, and the Philippines. In other words, the rising economic development of China has ensued in a geopolitical competition among multiple nations to acquire gases on water . Furthermore, since coal is still a large component of China’s industry, coal factories incessantly send huge amounts of yellow dust or particulate matter into countries such as South Korea, therefore decreasing the welfare of Korea’s citizens. Therefore, I feel that natural resources such as oil, despite its valuable uses, would continue to produce social ills and problems if not dealt with properly. Apart from China’s rise, I was also fascinated about the climate and carbon of the world. To be specific, the rise of carbon emission has led to a creation of considerable greenhouse gases. Since these gases are trapped in the Earth’s atmosphere, this phenomenon has affected the meltdown of glaciers throughout the years. Over the years, countries around the world have identified carbon emissions as a serious issue and have formed multiple treaties that would aim to reduce these emissions. In my opinion, however, I feel rather skeptical about these treaties given by the driving force of selfinterest among individual nations. From what we have learnt so far in class, protocols such as Kyoto Protocol were not completely successful, as there were some countries which did not consent to the protocols. Also, the exit of the United States from the Paris Agreement Deal clearly indicates that agreements are meant to be broken and that countries are driven more by political initiative than ethical means. Moreover, the mentioning of wind power in part 5 as a source of new energy is, to me, not a delighting one. I believe that wind power will be unable to play its part efficiently as a perfect substitute of other energy sources . This is because despite the introduction of wind turbines, wind energy supplies less than 1 percent of global energy demand even till this day. Even in rich countries playing with subsidized wind and solar, a huge part of their renewable energy comes from wood and hydro, the reliable renewables. If wind turbines were to replace all of the energy sources, nearly 350,000 wind turbines have to built across the world in order to replace the latter. Given by its huge size, there is no possibility that these large wind turbines might be actually built in the future. Some critics might argue that we could use wind power together with existent energy sources, but this act would never drastically improve the world environment problem quickly. Thus, I was able to agree much on the experiments on electric cars of the book, which could have more possibility of replacing oil amp; coal energy completely with electric energy. One downside of electrical energy, however, is its unfamiliarity and immense cost associated with it. Hopefully, many car industries such as Mercedes, BMW, and Lexus nowadays have been investing considerable amounts of money in developing efficient electric and hybrid cars. Hopefully, as electric cars become more widely used and therefore become cheaper in the near future, the problem of energyrelated pollutions, and negative externalities can come with it might be resolved.