In his book, The Quest Energy, Security and the Remaking of the Modern World, Daniel Yergin attempts to prove that energy, more particularly, oil, will continue to be the center of attention of the world. Due to its significance and importance, oil, access of it, and control of areas that will bring access to it will be of paramount importance in the coming years. Perhaps, it can be said that it is already being considered to be extremely important. Oil, along with everything that comes with it, perhaps, more broadly, energy, will be catalyst for the change in world economy and politics, as it will prove to be important in the war against climate change. Yergin predicts this will bring about conflicts, as it has with the Iraqi war. I felt it was interesting Yergin chose to devote 2 sections of his book to mention, articulate, and speculate on China. I felt as though this showed how immensely China has grown. It can be noted that just twenty years ago China had been in an attempt to stabilize its economy through the export of oil. Today, it is seen as an economic powerhouse, home to some of the biggest investments in history. Interestingly, and perhaps, ambitiously, Yergin attempts to tackle the question of whether or not the United States of America and China are destined to fight; if these two powerful, both economically, and politically, nations are in an inevitable race that will ultimately lead to war. Though I was looking for a straight forward answer to this question, it would be a lie to say I was not disappointed with the answer. It seemed to be the most diplomatic and politically correct way to approach the problem, and it left me with the impression that he attempted to tell his readers, "Maybe." On a related note, a question answered by Yergin that did give me some satisfaction was the question of whether or not Earth will be running out of oil in the foreseeable future. He states, "The world is clearly not running out of oil. Far from it. The estimates for the worlds total stock of oil keeps growing" . With this, I felt that though this is good news for the near future, as prices for petroleum will drop, though it is good news for the mean time, as countries may have less conflicts due to the abundance of oil, as these oil reserves begin to inevitably plunge into a category of scarcity, even more conflicts will arise. The human race will be in a state of disarray, as it has become so dependent on oil. I feel it would become the reason for a world war, but perhaps I am getting ahead of myself. Yergin himself does not seem to see this abundance as a negative aspect. Perhaps this is the correct approach. In conclusion, just as Yergin proved to be accurate in his predictions with his book, The Prize, it seems wise to heed the words written by the scholar in this book. Many attribute him as a forefront thinker of energy, and it seems he may be able to help mold the world into a state of readiness of what is to come. Progress is inevitable. Conversely, it is counterproductive to attempt to stop, or stagnate progress. What we ought to do is embrace progress, not waiting for the problems to come and to solve them in a state of disarray, but to predict these problems based on history, simulations, and thinking. Yergin has done this with this wellwritten, scholarly, elegant book. Though human beings are in search of a new planet to call home, one that has a similar environment to Earth, and though Elon Musk has made the ambitious claim to reach Mars, Earth is our home for the foreseeable future. It is the responsibility of the homo sapien species to take care of this earth. Perhaps it is impossible, but I dream of an age in which people will be able to live in harmony, without the fear of countries in an attempt to pursue their own wellbeing which they do without taking into consideration any other factors, such as the environment they are destroying. The Paris Agreement, the Montreal Protocol, etc. seem to be a good start to the world working towards the protection of mother Earth, yet these agreements were created seemingly after irreversible effects had taken place. In short, perhaps the best way to protect our earth is to listen to the words of that of Daniel Yergin, and to attempt to prevent horrific consequence rather than attempt to counteract this same horrific consequence after it has happened.