When starting on this book, it isimportant to keep in mind that Heisenberg is not going to educate us about theexplicit theories found in quantum mechanics. Instead, with prior knowledge toquantum physics in classical and modern aspect, he guides us through the bookwith a deep historical context. It seems to me that his approach here seems tobe strongly on his interpretations to quantum mechanics more than anything else.Hence, while reading this book, I was immensely confused yet intrigued by hisexplanations. Heisenberg goes a step further by acknowledging quantum mechanicsin a way of informing our perception of reality. According to Heisenberg, thetheological debate on Reformation is plainly exhausting. And so, reestablishingand emerging the interest in natural world, he puts an emphasis on this matter.Whilst the Bible is just a source for verification of God’s existence, Nature onthe other hand, is more expressive and reliable with divinity. Throughconsistent logic, evidence and facts, Heisenberg proves the theories of quantummechanics and intentionally breaks our notion of reality. In that sense, I agreeto a certain degree, but I cannot ignore the fact that his arguments wereconcluded and written solely in his time. Heisenberg ends his book byreflecting on political situations in which modern advances of physics has discovered.The main purpose in here is the creation of Atom Bomb, which unfortunately leadto disastrous wars. Although this concern may be obsolete, Bombs have been causingdevastating effects on traditional societies. Through this acknowledgement,Heisenberg is addressing the consequences in which us societies cannot ignore, especiallyin contemporary conditions.One amazing thing that I got to realize isthe effect of quantum physics in our lives. Without all these incredible principlesof quantum, we wouldn’t have been able to enjoy the benefits of all these essentialinventions used in our everyday lives. Forexample, smartphones, GPS, MRI machines, LEDs are all created through theunderstanding of quantum physics. Moreover, the ambiguity of quantum physicshas lead us to understand the world in ways we cannot explain. And so, by readingthis book, I cannot be certain that one can fully understand Heisenberg’sinterpretation of Quantum physics, but instead I am certain that one will endup with some sense of appreciation by the end of this day.