Yergin’s “The Quest” talks aboutthe world’s appetite for energy, the history of energy consumption and how thepolitical and economic atmosphere for energy consumption is changing. Yergintalks not only about a need for a new source of energy, one that is renewableand sustainable ecologically, but also for a need to efficiently create energy.Yergin begins by introducingbriefly to the readers the history of energy consumption, being fossil fuel.Since the age of industrialization, man has searched for a resource to fuel theindustries. Up to the age of globalization in the 1990s oil productionstabilized in the middle east, but with new oil technological advances othercountries entered the field of oil production such as Russia, Kazakhstan andVenezuela. Till then industrialized countries took up most of oil consumption.Then came the demand shock which led to a situation of massive increase indemand for oil consumption with an assumed limited supply, shooting up prices.With fears of oil depletion, newhorizons were explored with “unconventional oil”. Out of this the shale galewas the most revolutionary. Countries were not only shocked by this idea butthey were turned to reexamine their countries’ geology looking for old newsource of oil. Not only were large reserves found, a new face of energy rose tothe surface, Natural gas. Natural gas is thought to be the fuel of the futurewith demand increasing three folds in 30 years and expected to increase evenmore.Yergin talks about how civilizationis now dependent on electricity. In a world with so much technological advancement one cannot live without the convinience of electrical technology. Pollution caused by production of electricitydoes not fall far behind pollution caused by fossil fuel consumption. The mainfuels to source electricity are coal, nuclear and natural gas. Since theincidents in japan nuclear energy is less sought out for but most countriesstill would like to put it in their energy mix. The entry of natural gasprovided the world with a cheap and readily available source of electricity.With increasing energy consumption, concerns for carbon emission took speed andurgency to find a low carbon or carbon free fuel was on the rise.Growing concerns for theenvironment and increasing carbon emission followed by global warming acceleratedthe growth of renewable sources of energy such as solar, wind or geothermal. With boosted increase in suchroutes Yergin says that renewable energy will be the dominant energy source byyear 2030. In other areas, discussion on the reemergence of biofuel arises,with rebirth of cellulosic ethanol and algae as a potential biofuel. The problem being sustainable growth level for commercial use.Yergin also brings up the newelectric cars, an alternative to using fossil fuels in automobiles. Higher fuelefficiency using fuel cells that convert hydrogen into electricity or usingnatural gas engines. However using natural gas to create electricity then charging the vehicle may provide a moreefficient use of fuel. Either ways the dominance of fossil fuel in thetransportation industry is bound to disappear. But for now, atleast for the next two decades oil and the combustion engine will likely take reign.To conclude, in the search for abetter way, we must continue advancing technology whilst acknowledging ourenergy consumption problem and its impact on the environment. We are still inthe early stages of the energy mix and in the future we may be faced with awhole different mix of energy. But one thing that we should note is that onthis current path to seek out knowledge for a better way and with active mentalacceptance of the dire situation we may indeed succeed in “The Quest” ofsustainability.