It was quite embarrassing for me to read a two hundred pages book written in English. I dimly felt that somewhat with data’ is related to statistics and our major. I borrowed the book from library and started to read. As the professor said, book was not very hard to read. It does not show the technical thing like how to handle the data rather it shows the real concept of big data and it’s future and how to deal with other ethical problems related to this.The chapter that I felt really interested in six which has talked about VALUE of the data. At the starting of the chapter, it gives an exciting event. It is a story about development of Captcha’. I did not know that arbitrary words that are shown web registering scene have name. I take it for granted without any thinking. I was so excited that I found about it from the web. The book says that the developer Luis von Ahn was young and just graduated student from college. When I find about it, he is introduced as a professor in college. It was quite hard for me to understand about the difference between Captcha’ and ReCaptcha’ with reading, therefore I found out and I think professor Ahn was quite an awesome man. I always think I want to do something that is helpful to society’ and he did it. The ReCaptcha is used as a tool to read articles from physical word to digital. I was quite annoyed when I wrote the wrong word, because then I have to rewrite every information about me again including ID, password, address etc. But after read this book I decided not to complain about the system ReCaptcha’. I was quite afraid about the whole book. It says all data’ is regarded as valuable which is on facebook, twitter, and other social platforms all searched things can be collected in google and the researchers use it as an analyzing data. At the beginning of the book, it shows the example of H1N1. Google is much faster than governmental announcement. I am quite a tense person when it comes to privacy and private information. When it was in eighteenth century, the technology to collect data was hard but now the book says data can frequently be collected passively, without much effort or even awareness on the part of those being recorded. I think it is quite a scary thing. I made me think of big brother’ which is in George Orwell’s book 1984. Every search data and using data of smartphones, web and all others is recorded and collected. Even kindergarten, schools data is all digitalized and managed by digital. I did not know why google is such a strong company. But after I read this book, I think google can do everything they want. With massive data and only with ability to change those into really valuable information, they can do everything. I think they are doing legal hacking. So does the naver in Korea. I have a blog which I sometime write about myself and give information. When I see the statistic of visiting and search engines, naver is outstanding. I hope the companies use all the data legally, positively. In this semester I felt a quite a serious thing. Statistics and computer technology like programming are really needed to live the life fully. What I mean is that not to be used or swayed with world. Though I now about the value of data and the power of it, it is useless if I can not use it or handle it. I think at least I need to understand when I saw the reported, refined data. It reminds me of the first task that professor gave us. Find the example of intentionally refined use of the statistical information. When I was finding the data, I thought that without understanding of what I have been learning in our major, I can be a fool even without noticing it. The book is written in how valuable the data is, and how to use data effectively. But I think it does not have any meaning because I am not a data scientist yet. The reason I put yet’ is I would be sometime in future. I think one of the issues of our major is how to handle and how to draw the valuable information. When I was sophomore, I take the class of programming C and I found out that I am not a suitable person for programming. But, in this semester, having knowledge of programming is essential and it is powerful. It is about having a real technology oneself. I am taking a class patent and business start up’, it made me agonize what I can do’ when I run a business. The professor always says You guys will start a business soon or later, after retirement. So You have to think about what you can do except chicken places or caf233;. You have to do something that has a high entry barrier’. I think having a programming ability will be competitiveness of mine so I plan to take programming class next semester.After finishing reading the book what I felt is this. There is a boom’ about big data. But it is not a new concept or idea at all. There has been it, what we call big data’, from a long time ago, but people do not have appropriate technology or ability to handle this. Now people have those. Therefore, the issue is thinking of the data this way and that way where to use it. Also, do not find only the causation of the data but find the correlation and decide which is important and see the flow of it. It is quite a meaningful book for me that I found out what to study for my future and the first book that I finished’ reading in English.