In designing molecular world book. Philip ball author ,give us to many information about molecules in order to comprehension Molecules, from simple diatomic ones to macromolecules consisting of hundreds of atoms or more, come in many shapes and sizes. And also he explains the one of the most fundamental tools of chemistry which the periodic table . And he analyze the history of the architecture of molecular very well . In this essay I will provide summary about the architecture of molecules which chapter 1. To begin with ,"order amongst the elements" The periodic table is one of the most fundamental tools of chemistry . It summarizes information about each element and reveals how the elements are chemically related to one another. The first widely accepted periodic table was published in 1869 by a chemistry professor named Dmitri Mendeleyev. He began work on his table hoping to help his students to learn about the elements. He ended up by creating a classification system that helped chemists predict new elements and that led to the discovery of the particles that make up atoms . Moreover, one of the key developments that led to the periodic table was the determination of the atomic weights of the elements. In 1805 English chemist John Dalton stated that every atom of an element has the same weight . This idea implied that it would be possible to measure the atomic weights of the elements. ."The quantum atom "around twentieth century even before Rutherford put forward his nuclear model of the atom physicists began coming across univerving intimations that there was something very wrong with their "classical" view of the world. Moreover, Max Planck was a German theoretical physicist, considered to be the initial founder of quantum theory, and one of the most important physicists of the 20th Century. Around the turn of the century, he realized that light and other electromagnetic waves were emitted in discrete packets of energy that he called "quanta" "quantum" in the singlular which could only take on certain discrete values . This is generally regarded as the first essential stepping stone in the development of quantum theory, which has revolutionized the way we see and understand the subatomic world. In addition, about drawing molecular chemists have several schemes for representing molecular structures. Overall, A molecular formula simply counts the numbers of each sort of atom present in the molecule, but tells you nothing about the way they are joined together. For example, the molecular formula of butane is C4H10, and the molecular formula of ethanol is C2H6O.Molecular formulae are very rarely used in organic chemistry, because they dont give any useful information about the bonding in the molecule. About the only place where you might come across them is in equations for the combustion of simple hydrocarbons. In conclusion , as we have seen in chapter 1 of designing molecular world books .There are important informations about "the architecture of molecular" in order to understand the basic of chemistry like order amongst the elements ,The quantum atom and draw molecular. If we want know more informations such as when atoms meet geometry or atoms dance . We should read the next