많은 영어 원서를 읽어온 건 아니지만, 월든은 최악이었다. 너무 읽기도 어렵고 특히 내용도 재미도 없어서 하루에 열 페이지씩만 읽자는 심정으로 읽었다. 그만큼 세속에 찌들어 사는 나로서는 어려운 책이었다.그러나 조금씩 읽어가면서 월든 호숫가에 사는 소로의 모습이 상상되기 시작했다. 그곳에서 어떤 생각을 할까, 어떤 생각을 했을까, 왜 그랬을까 를 상상하다보니 점점 이야기가 재미있었다... 하지만 역시나 문제는 영어였고 결국은 한국어로 된 책도 같이 빌려서 한영 대조하며 읽었다. 원문을 최대한으로 이해하고 싶었으나 아직은 과문한 내 영어실력..어르신들이 귀농을 하신다는게 이런 이유일까 생각도 든다. 보다 더 본질적인 인생의 의미를 탐구하기 위해서라던지... 하지만 대한민국 남자라면 이미 2년은 군대에서 이런거 다 겪고 온다.어쨌든, 두고두고 곱씹어 둘 만한 내용들이 많아서 적어둔다.EconomySojourner 일시 체류자, Obtrude 강요하다, Impertinent 무례한, Pertinent 적절한, Fain 기꺼이, Penance 참회, 고행, Serfs 농노, Wellnigh 가까이에, Encumbrances 장애물, Thence 그 때부터, Stony 돌이 많은, Obedience 순종, Blundering 어색한, Factitious 인공적인, Plucked 뽑히다, Cordials 따뜻함, tenderly 부드럽게, whetted 자극받다, slough 진창, 수렁, dilating 넓히다, frivolous 하찮은, gross 역겹다, overseer 감독, teamster 미국 트럭 운전사, catechism 교리 문답서, perchance 아마, fetch 가져오다, profited 도움이 되다, lumbering 볼품없는, ordinance 법령, tedium 지루함, ennui 지루함, afflicted 고통받다, repent 뉘우치다, stranded vessels 좌초된 배, wellnigh 거의, radii radius, impunity 처벌받지 않음, enterprises 일, elasticity 탄력성 The fineset qualities of our nature, like the bloom on fruits, can be preserved only by the most delicate handing. worst of all when you are the slavedriver of yourself. Old deeds for old people, and new deeds for new. but with an excess of these, or of Fuel, that is, with an external heat greater than our own internal, may not cookery properly be said to begin? The grand necessity, then, for our bodies, is to keep warm, to keep the vital heat in us. If you have any enterprise before you, try it in your old clothes. Our moulting season, like that of the fowls, must be a crisis in our lives. It is only the serious eye peering from and the sincere life passed within it which restrain laughter and consecrate the costume of any people. Adam and Eve, according to the fable, wore the bower before other clothes. Man wanted a home, a place of warmth, or comfort, first of warmth, then the warmth of the affections. And when the farmer has got his house, he may not be the richer but the poorer for it, and it be the house that has got him. And if the civilized mans pursuits are no worthier than the savages, if he is employed the greater part of his life in obtaining gross necessaries and comforts merely, why should he have a better dwelling than the former? Shall we always study to obtain more of these things, and not sometimes to be content with less? men have become the tools of their tools The civilized man is a more experienced and wiser savage. if they should feel the influence of the spring of springs arousing them, they would of necessity rise to a higher and more ethereal life. Who knows but if men constructed their dwellings with their own hands, and provided food for themselves and families simply and honestly enough, the poetic faculty would be universally developed, as birds universally sing when they are so engaged? But alas! we do like cowbirds and cuckoos, which lay their eggs in nests which other birds have built, and cheer no trabeller with their chattering and unmusical notes. No doubts another may also think for me; but it is not therefore desirable that he should do so to the exclusion of my thinking for myself The student who secures his coveted leisure and retirement by systematically shirking any labor necessary to man obtains but an ignoble and unprofitable leisure, defrauding himself of the experience which alone can make leisure fruitful. earnestly live it from beginning to end Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. Pray, for what do we move ever but to get rid of our furniture, our exuviae. to maintain ones self on this earth is not a hardship but a pastime, if we will live simply and wisely. There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted Philanthropy is almost the only virtue which is sufficiently appreciated by mankind. Nay, it is greatly overrated; and it is our selfishness which overrates it. Let us first be as simple and well as Nature ourselves, dispel the clouds which hang over our own brows, and take up a little life into our pores.Where I Lived, and What I Lived ForPenchance 아마, abode 집 At a certain season of our life we are accustomed to consider every spot as the possible site of a house. then I let it lie, fallow, penchance, for a man is rich in proportino to the number of things which he can afford to let alone. I am monarch of all I survey, My right there is none to dispute. for I found myself suddenly neighbor to the birds; not by having imprisoned one All intelligences awake with the morning. We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aids, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn, which does not forsake us in our soundest sleep. I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity! We have the Saint Vitus dance, and cannot possibly keep our heads still.Reading Pursuits 직업, out of the 에서 벗어나, statuary 조각 for it implies that he in some measure emulate their heroes, and consecrate morning hours to their pages. For what are the classics but the noblest recorded thoughts of man? They are the only oracles which are not decayed, and there are such answers to the most modern inquiry in them as Delphi and Dodona never gave. If we live in the Nineteenth Century, why should we not enjoy the advantages which the Nineteenth Century offers?Sounds Read your fate, see what is before you, and walk on into futurity. A man must find his occasions in himself, it is true. The natural day is very calm, and will hardly reprove his indolence.SolitudeSane 건전한, Society 교제 I was so distinctly made aware of the presence of something kindered to me, even in scenes which we are accustomed to call wild and dreary, and also that the nearest of blood to me and humanest was not a person nor a villager, that I thought no place could ever be strange to me again. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. Society is commonly too cheap Certainly less frequency would suffice for all important and hearty communications. So also, owing to bodily and mental health and strength, we may be continually cheered by a like but more normal and natural society, and come to know that we are never alone. draught of, undiluted morning air.VisitorsWinnowed 선별되다 The bullet of your thought must have overcome its lateral and ricochet motion and fallen into its last and steady course before it reaches the ear of the hearer, else it may plow out again through the side of his head. My company was winnowed by my mere distance from town. guests who appeal, not to your hospitality, but to your hospitalality.The BeanField agricola laboriosus those Trojans who had sun and rain and dews on their side. He sacrifices not to Ceres and the Terrestrial Jove, but to the infernal Plutus rather. 경작의 일부분은 오히려 자연의 것이다. 피타고라스가 콩을 싫어한 이유. 1 콩은 인간과 같은 성분이다. 콩에 단백질이 있기 때문에 2 콩 알레르기 3 콩과 여성의 성기가 비슷하다. 4 복부팽만감The Village It is a surprising and memorable, as well as valuable experience, to be lost in the woods any time.The Ponds The ambrosial and essential part of the fruit is lost with the bloom which is rubbed off in the market cart, and they become mere provender. I detect the paver one might suppose that it was called originally Walledin Pond. A lake is the landscapes most beautiful and expressive feature. It is earths eye; looking into which the beholder measures the depth of his own nature. for I was rich, if not in money, in sunny hours and summer days, and spent them lavishly. of all the characters I have known, perhaps Walden wears best, and best preserves its purity. It is perennially young, and I may stand and see a swallow dip apparently to pick an insect from its surface as of yore.Baker Farm It was one of those afternoons which seem indefinitely long before one, in which many events may happen, a large portion of our natural life.Higher Laws I found in myself, and still find, an instinct toward a higher, or, as it is named, spiritual life, as do most men, and another toward a primitive rank and savage one, and I reverence them both. The practical objection to animal food in my case was its uncleanness It is notw orth the while to live by rich cookery. Whatever my own practice may be, I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals. Not that food which entereth into the mouth defileth a man, but the appetite with which it is eaten. Goodness is the only investment that never fails. The generative energy, which, when we are loose, dissipates and makes us unclean, when we are continent invigorates and inspires us. From exertion come wisdom and purity; from sloth ignorance and sensuality.Former Inhabitants and Winter Visitors Still grows the vivacious lilac a generation after the door and lintel and the sill are gone, unfolding its sweetscanted flowers each spring, to be plucked by the musing traveller. How blind that cannot see serenity!Winter Animals That must be a poor country indeed that does not support a hare.The Pond in Winter but the harmony which results from a far greater number of seemingly conflicting, but really concurring, laws, which we have not detected, is still more wonderful.Spring We should be blessed if we lived in the present always, and took advantage of every accident that befell us, like the grass which confesses the influence of the slightest dew that falls on it; and did not spend our time in atoning for the neglect of past opportunities, which we call doing our duty. We loiter in winter while it is already spring. A return to goodness produced each day in the tranquil and beneficent breath of the morning, causes that in respect to the love of virtue and the hatred of vice, one approaches a little the primitive nature of man. We need the tonic of wildnessConclusion I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now. If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. Do not seek so anxiously to be developed, to subject yourself to many influences to be played on; it is all dissipation. Humanity like darkness reveals the heavenly lights. Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.