Heisenberg,the author of this book, was a famous scientist, but it seems he wanted to talkabout philosophy rather than science in this book. Therefore, this review alsofocuses on philosophical content. Even Ive been watching this book for hours onthe monitor, I cant fully understand the content. However, I wasable to confirm a few parts where his thoughts were revealed, so lets take alook at them.In Chapter16, scientists are shocked to hear the news of the atomic bomb dropping onHiroshima, and "Otohan" who discovered the uranium fission wasfrustrated that his discovery led to an innocent death. Responsibility is themain subject of the story, han’s discovery have advanced science, and if nothim, others would have advanced science, and this advance would help good win. Healso agree with Friedrichs idea that the choice of means determines good orevil. The mainstories in chapter 17, are Wolfgang, Heisenberg, and Bohr’s domination of positivism. Here,Heisenberg says that the central order that distinguishes good from evil isenforced.I came tothe conclusion that “Heisenberg believes that there is a central order, truth,and standard that divides good and evil in the world, and among the purpose andmeans, the means determines good and evil”. The reason he did not expressthat “exists” is simply not to obscure the essence of it, which is ametaphysical concept.If someoneasks for me like that does good and evil exist?, I will answer as follows.“At least I think so. But I dont know how it will be forothers.”I want to talkabout the relativity of good and evil through the stories I had with my friendsin high school.If a young mankilled a man, many would think it was evil, But what wouldyou think if the murdered person was a serial killer, and killed the young man’smother. My friend said that murder is evil because it is a Illegal and sin,I expressed that it is close to good because they are concepts that can changeat any time, and also young man killed a more evil person. However,there will be people who hear these stories and say they are just criminalsbecause they break the law without distinguishing between good and evil. Its adifferent story for each person.If youtell this story, there are friends who talk to Hitler. As it can becontroversial, I warn you, I regard Hitler as evil, and do not intend to labelhis actions as achievements. But lets assume that there is a world in whichGermany won World War II by applying the multiworld interpretation learned inclass, in that world he will be praised as a war hero.The reasonwe see him as an absolute evil is that the people who happened to be harmed byhim have built up the present society. I amworried that the essence will be blurred, but what I am trying to say is thatgood and evil are subjective thoughts of an individual, think that good andevil are the names set by society. Society has changed its shape with thetimes, so we dont know what the future will look like, but good and evil canalways change. Perhaps the two are not in an exclusive relationship, but mayfit together.Heisenbergexpressed central order on a compass. I think it is more important tounderstand where I am.If anyone cansay that absolute good and evil exist, we must first look at his family, occupation, andcountry, then listen to his arguments and judge that.