Quantum mechanics was the biggest challenge in the history ofscience in the 20th century. It was a revolutionary concept that could be usedto explain the world around us which could not have been with the classical viewof physics. But the worlds greatest scientists and brightest minds were not discouraged.Through endless ponder, debate, intense discussion, research and experimentation,they eventually discovered the mysterious nature of the universe through quantumphysics.Being an undergraduate, who majors in business administration, theidea of quanta and theoretical background and explanations were completely outof reach of understanding. Even after taking Quanta in Everyday Life’ andreading "Age of Entanglement" I am and never will be confidant enoughto say that I have even a grasp of understanding of what quantum mechanics is. However,there is no doubt that even being completely illiterate of science, quantummechanics is mindblowing and intriguing field. This book, “Age of Entanglement’was written in a way that allowed person like me to follow the context. Hereare some of the things I was able to learn from reading this book.Prior to the 20th century, physics haddeveloped based on the socalled deterministic worldview. In other words, thestate of the universe is definitely determined. By knowing the value of thevariables and the right equation, the past, present, and future of a physicalentity could be determinedBut as we enter the 20th century, the physicsgoes through a revolutionary change. This is because of Einsteins principle ofrelativity. Einstein denied the existing concept of absolute spacetime andsuggested a relative concept of spacetime. The idea that time and space arenot absolutely independent, but related to each other. For example, the fasteryou move, the slower time goes. This was a truly shocking theory. However, theprinciple of relativity is still based on a deterministic worldview in that asingle definitive principle of how time and space are related determines howobjects move in time and space.Quantum phenomena emerge around the sametime as the emergence of relativity. Electrons dropping from one energy levelto another and emitting light was found to be fixed atcertain values. This quantum phenomenon could not be explained by classicaltheories.In this situation, Heisenberg suggests theprinciple of uncertainty and comes up with a paradigm completely different fromclassical physics theory. According to this principle, which states that themomentum and position of the particle cannot be accurately measured at the sametime, it is concluded that observation by the recognition subject affects theobject of observation.When a phenomenon occurs in the quantumworld, it is not because we lack the deeper knowledge to understand the causebehind it, but because nature is originally made up of such quantum phenomena.Due to lack of my scientific knowledge andunderstanding later part of the book was rather hard to understand. However, I wouldstill highly recommend this book to anyone, even to someone without any scientificbackground because even acknowledging that such field, quantum mechanics, existsit better than being illiterate about it.