Whenmost people think of Einstein, they think of the theory of relativity. AlthoughEinstein later came to accept the concept of relativity, he had previouslydismissed it as "a sort of break" he gave himself during his battleagainst the quanta. He was defeated in the struggle. And this entirehalfcentury of conscious brooding has brought me no closer to the question,What are light quanta? " These days, everybody thinks they know it, butthey are wrong. Nevertheless, the question is not closed. Like it or not, Toms,Dicks, and Harry are abundant, ready, and eager to provide you with the correctanswer. While various individuals say different things, it is fair for thesceptic to believe that no one actually knows. To comprehend quantum mechanics,read Gilders book on the topic, in which he examines the challenge to makesome sense of it. Her subject matter goes far above what her title suggests. Iassumed the book would be about the most recent advances in quantum mechanics,the revolution that has occurred over the last two or three decades. However,in fact, her treatment of recent developments occupies only 44 pages in a bookthat is over 400 pages long, and even within that short period of time, thepracticalities of quantum computation and cryptography are almost completelyignored. Rather, her attention is on the concepts To a very significantextent, it was over these ideas on which Einstein, Bohr, and Schrödingerbattled, and it was of great significance throughout the period in which apersons career could be jeopardized because of his interest in such ideas.Anexperiment is never considered irrelevant. The above, along with many otherexamples, shows her ability to present and explain ideas comprehensively andvividly. However, only experiments that illustrate or otherwise relate to hercentral concept are of interest to her "The quantum enigma," perhapswe could call it. Her views on quantum information are the same as herattitudes toward current events. To a large extent, if not entirely, herfascination with quantum computation and cryptography is due to the unexpecteddiscovery, once assumed false, that Einstein, Podolsk, Rosen, and Bellstheories have important practical applications. She tells it with extremelywellrehearsed and thoughtful storytelling. She includes a surprising amount ofhistory in her book for the general reader. I found out some interesting thingsI did not know about. I could see what was going to happen, but even knowingwhat was going to happen next, the book kept my attention for about the samecause that old and familiar narratives can be intriguing even if the telling isgood. The books distinguishing feature is that it tries so hard to tell thatstory as though they are the narrators own. While she observes, textbooksfrequently depict a "perfect sculpture" in a vacuumsealed case,implying that insights are "birthed" in brains and only tangentiallyrelated to bodies. To erase that impression, Gilder devotes himself to creativeendeavors. In Tom Wolfes words at the beginning of The Electric KoolAid AcidTest"Ihave tried not only to tell what the Pranksters did but to recreate the mentalatmosphere or subjective reality of it. I don’t think their adventure can beunderstood without that.’ Wolfe was recounting a very different kind of mentalhistory, but his point, I find, is even more true about the portentous historyof science and intellect that unfolded as the age of entanglement. "Evenat first, I had my doubts about her using imaginary conversations between themain characters. It is accurate to say, though, that it works well. She is anexcellent communicator of the current way physics advances. The subjectivereality of physical thinking can be evoked by Gilder to help combat aparticularly prevalent and, I believe, dangerous misconception. Based onextremely limited and unsystematic surveys, I have come to the conclusion thatthe general public seems to believe that physics is created by either nerds orrobots who have failed their Turing test. In a roundabout way, Physics lawsrequire as much passion, imagination, and creativity as music, literature, orother artistic endeavors. In a democracy, the people make the decisions. So, ifphysics is not firmly anchored in our culture, it will ultimately die out. Eventhough there are many popular science writers who will tell their readers thatscience is wonderful and exciting, science does not see itself in that light. Itis one thing to talk about it; its quite another to make someone truly feelit. In this case, Gilder does the latter. The assumption seems to be that inBritain, at least, people think of ideas as being squeezed out of people in thesame way that water is squeezed out of a juicebottling factory. It may promptthem to consider Einsteins opinion that "the state of mind that enablessomeone to engage in work of this kind is somewhat similar to the worshipfuldevotee or the loving lover; the daily effort is spontaneous, notpremeditated." It is completely unplanned and a bit anarchic. Achievetotal bureaucratic control of the project and you will instead destroy it.Finally,but not least, I believe her book is useful to physicists as well. As I did, Ibelieve that students will find it inspiring, and I believe even those who havebeen in the field for a while will find it enjoyable and even educational. Hereare a couple of warnings Students would undoubtedly be inspired by the book.However, it should be made clear to students that it is not a textbook onquantum mechanics interpretation. She devotes half the book to Bohm but doesnot give enough attention to other notable researchers, such as Wheeler orEverett. As she is mainly interested in the entanglement and Bell inequalities,and as she wishes to bring to life the innerness of scientific discovery, Ibelieve it is reasonable to give her that. To ensure that students who read thebook are not under the mistaken impression that it is a complete,allencompassing treatment of quantum mechanic’s interpretation, it is vitalthat the books readers understand that it does not summarize everything thereis to know about quantum mechanic’s interpretation. Additionally, the readershould be informed that the author occasionally makes careless mistakes. Considerthe Bohr model of the hydrogen atom, in which an electron goes through atransition when it jumps. The frequency of the photon emitted during thattransition is the mean of the frequencies of the initial and final orbits. Ifstudents are unable to understand what she says, it is more likely due to herthan to them.