I am going to start bysaying that this book, while having a crude yet effective method in deliveringa message, is among the best nonfiction works I have ever read. It immersesthe reader through an anecdote of a character named George where his scenariosand life situation makes it relatable to almost , if not all, readers and fillsthem with selfreflection on life itself. The energy bus might sound to mostreaders, including myself, as a metaphorical figure and yet discover throughoutthe book that this also has a literal meaning. The development of each of thestory marks an important point in which the reader reflects on how this willhelp on their everyday life. Through anecdotal explanations, the reader iscapable of understanding how things can go positive or negative on their life.Firstly, I would liketo give one of my best insights to the book without spoiling any detail towhomever likes to read this work in the future. George, who is the characterbased on the book, is presented with crisis from work, family and personal lifealtogether. His car breaks down and is forced to take the bus to work. There hemeets the driver, Joy, where she full of positive energy gives a hard truth toGeorge by telling him that he is the one responsible of his crisis. That is theturning point where the reader realizes that maybe some of their problems mightalso be their fault. Anyhow, the next day, after reflecting on that statementthe bus driver gave him, he reluctantly takes the bus again where the previous busdriver is nowhere to be seen. This part is essential to understand how a personin denial can disagree with the truth, but will devout to finding it. He wasangry at the bus driver yet looks forward to hear more about her. Well, thenext day, he finally meets her and that is where he realizes she has a lot toteach. From there the energy bus concept is introduced along with their 10principlesrules to the energy bus. This is the part where readers need todecipher what is a metaphor and what has a literal meaning. Every analogy herereferences the energy bus and the trajectory of life where every rule is filledwith details which gives the reader a clear example of how and why each rule isimplemented.Now, I am going tomention what this book is strong and what is it lacking in my opinion. Somepeople might disagree with me and that is alright, however this opinion isgiven by someone who learned much from the book and actually implement thecalltoaction methods of the book. The book excels at giving examples in wherethe reader relates to and almost see the words of the book be a mirror ofourselves. Not only that, but also gives the reason to why our problems mightsurge in our everyday life. The principles are welldetailed and gives extremeusability to the reader which forces them to implement them in reallife forclear results. My only weaknesses I see in the book is that some of thereferences in the book are geographically oriented which if the reader is notfrom that country might have a difficulty relating to. Me, who have lived inAmerica for 3 years, had no issues however, made me wonder how is it forreaders who have not. Overall, I like how the structure of the message isdelivered and would greatly recommend it to whoever is entering or already isin the market for labor.I give this book fullscore and would easily describe it as an essential must read for young andupcoming active labor force personnel. This book gave me a great insightof my own life and made me reflect on values I previously gave for granted. Inow see the bigger picture of myself which hopefully in the future see the realchange in me.