Book Review of lt;김상욱의 양자공부gt; by Professor 김상욱 Im Sungho As I read the book of Professor Kim, it waspossible to catch an idea about quantum mechanics. Of course it would be a lieif I said I fully understood the theory but following the lecture I could getsome concepts of quanta. The book is a general introduction about quantum mechanicsincluding the representative concept and brief history of the field. One of themost impressive thing was that there were few shifts of paradigm, such as GalileoGalilei’s discover of heliocentrism and Einstein’s theory of relativity, andquantum mechanics was also a suspicion of seeing. The theory starts with thecontroversy of light if it is a particle or a wave. And it is explained by thedouble split experiment and multiple interpretations. The conclusion presentlyis the Copenhagen interpretation that emphasizes the effect of observer. And Icould think differently about the meaning of seeing’. Another interestingtopic was that quantum mechanics could be mutually related with surrealism art.They were both originated in the same time and place so there must have beensome interaction between them. One of the example could be René Magritte’sPlagiary which shows both the inside and outside scene in a single view.Superposition is the idea that quantum objects can be in two or more different states inone given time and it made me thought aboutthe painting. Kim’s book is very recommendable to starters or thosewith no scientific background like me because he explains with easy words. Forexample he uses everyday situations to explain that everything is made up ofatom including sound and light and ourselves. Also he goes through the processof the theories and give fun facts about the scientists and the backgroundstories. This is also same with our lecture as it made outsiders of physiccould also get interested to the lecture. As I first learned about quantum mechanics I could feelthe relation between science and philosophy. About the interpretations of the Schrödingers cat experiment,we should think about the meaning of seeing and the effect of the observer. Andalso we should think about linguisticfeatures, epistemology, and the matter of the observer’s presence which is soconfusing. Also as researching about MWI, I thought that it is a metatheory of the previous quantum theory.So it solves some paradox and makes us easier to understand intuitively butthere is a lack of specific evidences as we can never observe another universe.The fact that this theory is entangled to many other fields makes the debatemore controversial and complicated.In conclusion, this complicating theory makes a bigheadache and I hardly understood the details but I learned that everything ismade up of atoms and that is why we should study it. As Kim introduces thequote by Niels Bohr, A physicist is just an atom’s way of looking at itself’, tounderstand what’s going on in my world, I should realize myself is made up ofatoms and everything I see as well.