Obviousbut incredibly Truelt;TheEnergy Busgt; by John Gordon features the story of a depressed soul namedGeorge and the changes he experiences when he meets a bus driver named Joy.George is mediocre at his job and on the verge of getting fired. Because ofthis he is very stressed out all the time and cant afford to be a good husbandor a caring father. Overall, he seems like a person who doesnt have much to behappy about in his life. As a college student, I cant entirely relate with hisfamily issues, but I admit that there were sometimes when I too felt like Ididnt have much to be happy about in my life. Im sure most people have hadthis thought at least once. George is a depressed man for sure, but thesad fact is that he is also a reflection of many of us. When George by coincidence meetsan energetic bus driver named Joy, his life starts to change. Joy lectures himabout a set of rules, rules that are supposed to transform his life into a moreenergetic, fulfilling, and happy life. I must admit, at first I thought Joysrules were a bit childish and a bit obvious like something a kids show hostmight say. But after reading the entire book and following Georges story, Imstarting to think maybe the rules are so obvious because they are so true. Inmy opinion, the book successfully reacclimates the readers to a lifestyle thatshould have been very obvious. A lifestyle that many of us lose between busywork days, stressful conversations, and blurry goals. A lifestyle of passion,fulfillment, and energy.The Law ofAttractionOneinteresting concept Joy explains is the The Law of Attraction. The Law ofAttraction is something I had heard about before from the mouths ofmotivational speakers and athletes. However, I didnt think much about it then.Explanations such as "If you can see it in your mind, you can hold it inyour hand" seemed like blindly optimistic, unsupported statements. Butwhen Joy explained it in the book it made me second guess my originaljudgement. Joy compared the law of attraction to the phenomenon where you see acertain number or hear a certain song over and over through the day. Im sureeverybody has had this experience where you think of a certain number and yousuddenly see it over and over, all around you through the day. This obviouslyisnt because the number has suddenly increased near you, its rather becauseyouve just started noticing it. The moment you think about something, youstart to notice it everywhere. This is what the law of attraction is according toJoy. I was persuaded by the simple comparison and I indeed believe that if Ikeep my mind to happy things, things like success and friendship, that I willstart to recognize them all around me. I think on some level I already knewthis to be true. Everything I desire friends, family, a hopeful future is allaround me. I just have to open my eyes and look, actively notice everyopportunity.The book simply woke me into thinking in a way some selfpityingpart of me had subconsciously avoided. It was definitely something I needed andsomething I suspect a lot of people need as well; breaking away from self pityand self victimization.Why not?I have a friendwho I consider to be very smart and I look up to him in many ways. But he isquite definitely one of the most negative people I know. Whenever we meet hegoes on and on about how the society is failing and the job market is shrinkingand how we are all doomed. I understand that he has a point, but to me theproblem seems to be not in his judgement of his surroundings but in the way hechooses to react to it. He reacts as if there is nothing he can do and he is ahelpless victim. I really want to recommend this book to this friend or anybodyelse who might be similar to him. I want the friend to obtain a newappreciation towards life just as George did. Im sure the friend will go offabout how the book is incredibly naive and that Joys rules are nothing butfantasies. But I have faith that after reading the book Joys message willreach him and free him of his depressing skepticism. Because after all, ifliving in an energetic, happy, fulfilling and joyful life can be achieved bysimply changing the way you think, why not give it a try?