Energy is nowthe essential factor that drives modern civilization, which resembles the bloodrunning through the body of an organism. Energyvitalizes the infrastructure and industries of the nation, enabling the daily life ofmodern citizens. Without energy, it would be extremely hard to maintain a currentlifestyle. That’s why socalled maintaining “Energy securities” became one ofthe top priorities of governments over the world. Energy, or natural resourcessecurities policy can be divided into two parts, maintaining current energyresource including oil and coal by diplomacy or economic investment withbinding contracts, and investing in brandnew resources. One of the importantthings among investing in brandnew resources is that the new resources aregenerally renewable. That is, unlikely other resources whose deposits areheavily concentrated in certain regions, this energy relies on quasiinfiniteresources like sun, wind, and water.Until now, thecompetition around existing resource deposits was heated. The power of OPEC,which is the world’s largest cartel, was unstoppable. Therefore, many countriesand firms devoted a great amount of effort to grasp the resource deposits by allmeans. The tragedy was that the mean included violent methods including warsand disputes. Moreover, the tragedy did not end in the production section. Theconcentration on oil resources made the economy of respective countries highly vulnerableto oil prices. Plus, the conflicts around oil deposited regions were fierceconsidering the IraqKuwait war and the Gulf war.The carbon dioxideand other poisonous emissions from the combustion engine and others have beenmentioned as a serious global problem that needs to be solved or slowed at least.In order to deal with this global problem, governments over the world arestriving to make a consensus through international organizations. The major globaleffort to solve global environmental problems includes a carbon dioxide emission quotatrading system.One of the keyachievements that mankind has gone through can be electric cars. Since oilusage has been particularly high in the transportation sector, the decrease inoil usage at least in cars would be a groundbreaker in the overall energyecosystem. With new energy resources and vehicles, we might face a whole newfuture than what we have expected, where humankind can sustain their liveswithout any risks of power game in the production of necessary resources.