Age of Entanglements Book Review by장선익Quantum physics,despite having been with us now for over a century, continues to mystify andchallenge physicists, philosophers, and the general public alike. Gilder’sfirst book offers an accessible and creative unpacking of the origin,development, and reception of some of its central features, while providingintriguing glimpses into the often quirky lives and interactions of many of itsdevelopers, emphasizing the thread of “entanglement” throughout. Her explicittreatment of the intrinsic human cultural character of science can help inrejecting positivistic and objectivistic views. The Age ofEntanglement opens with an amusing account of Bertlmann’s astonished encounterwith the 1981 paper, “Bertlmann’s Socks and the Nature of Reality,” 62Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith Book Reviews in which John Bellties together the reliably unmatched footwear of his eccentric colleague withthe enigmatic connections found in the quantum world. This narrative alsoserves to introduce a complementary theme of the book, the curiously entangledlives of quantum physicists throughout the entire twentieth century. From the outset,one encounters Gilder’s methodology, as she imaginatively weaves together abelievable narrative of dialogue, encounter, and circumstance, taking as hersources existing historical texts, such as letters, memoirs, conferencerecords, journal articles, and biographies, supplemented by her owncorrespondence with practitioners. Instead of the usual quotes and citations,Gilder’s seamless narrative is supported by an extensive 58page documentationof the origins of words, sentences, or ideas used from these records. Noquantum physics knowledge is assumed, and footnotes and a glossary should helpreach a broad audience. Fortunately, vague or circular definitions are rare,but saying “electrons are electricitycarrying subatomic particles that are acrucial component of all matter” does little to gain the reader’s confidence. Gilder’s mainthesis is that the recent resurgence of interest in the interpretation ofquantum mechanics afforded by new experiments demonstrating entanglement,remains intimately connected to the most basic questions faced by its founders.She therefore follows the entanglement thread through its illustrative history,from long before Schrödinger’s 1935 coining of the term, right up to thepresent. Entanglement is the way in which the parts of a system retain auniquely quantummechanical linkage despite complete isolation from oneanother, such that the type of measurement performed upon one part iscorrelated with the results of a measurement done upon the other, even whenthese are too remote to allow for causal influences. This feature of quantumphysics was used by Einstein and others in 1935 to claim it must be incomplete.Bell, in 1964, derived an inequality whose violation would entail that either aclassical realism of local hidden variables, or the principle of causality,must be false. And in 1981, Alain Aspect’s experiment showed precisely thatviolation, leading most physicists to retain causality and adopt the entangledquantum picture in place of classical realism. Gilder discusseshow quantum physics, unlike classical physics, cries out for interpretation.Sommerfeld is quoted as saying to Einstein, “You know I can only contribute tothe technology of quantum theory—you have to create its philosophy,” as part ofan imaginatively recreated conversation between these two and Bohr as theytravel absentmindedly on a Copenhagen streetcar. Bohr, opposed toreductionism, correctly concludes as they return to their missed stop,“everything does not always boil down to calculations.” Throughout thebook, Gilder vividly depicts how physicists, the more they learn, truly anddeeply grappling with the ideas and realities with which they are faced, arenever content to settle for “saving the phenomena”; furthermore, many in themainstream entertain metaphysical and even theological questions. Gilderdetails the intricate work of experimental physics as well as how, ingatherings of physicists, the scheduled talks are far outweighed in value bythe unplanned conversations. The essentiality of unique personal interactionscan be seen throughout the history of the subject. Joviality, camaraderie,teachability, drive, deference, trust, competition, adventure as well as longing,jealousy, loneliness, suspicion, desperation, racism, stubbornness, and war allfeature to varying degrees; even adultery, murdersuicide, abortion, andkidnapping appear.Gilder’s detailednarrative is chock full of anecdotes which can at first appear marginal but arelater revealed to be entangled with the tapestry. Her prose often waxes poetic,with delightfully creative turns of phrase, metaphors, or alliteration “in amanner palely reminiscent of Jauch’s old teacher Pauli” and “web ofexperimentalists who wanted to work with entanglement.” A few physics errorsreveal the author’s nonphysics background, but these do not detract from thestory and likely annoy only physicists. For instance, she refers to Planck’ssolution of “the ultraviolet catastrophe” for “light in a box” while theessential point of a black box and the simple nature of the catastrophe areentirely missed and she says, “an electron changes its speed by turning,”whereas “speed” should be “velocity.”