In this book, Daniel Yegan, an energy expert and active influence in energy policy, looks into the energy of 2030. Energy determines much of our economy, our society. That is why energy has changed the world in the past, and so has it in the future. In fact, I think this is why the editor described energy as "war." The history of energy development and the future of the future seem like a "war".The demand for energy is exploding. One Train engineer uses 100,000 energy from an adult male. Then what about the plane, what about the rocket? So energy is important, and the flow of this energy must be well understood. We need to find out how energy trends change, how the demand and supply of energy changes, and what the future is like.I felt a lot about the current situation of human energy while reading this book. Human beings are trying to get out of the fossil fuel system. Why? Is it because the reserves of various fossil fuels, such as oil, are decreasing?Surprisingly it was not. I was very interested in chapter 2 when the truth about oil resources was revealed while I was reading. I thought that oil would soon run out when we followed the curriculum that we had taken. However, the reality is that this is not so. Then why is human struggling so hard to get out of the fossil fuel system?To mix my opinions with the authors description, the most important point is the price. Oil has a number of issues. Production sites are limited, and those are not very stable ones. In fact, many oilproducing countries were devastated by war or revolutionized. And this makes oil less stable, causing prices to rise. Secondly, it is the environment. The fossil fuel system eats away at our homes. Rockefeller called oil the Devils Tears. Oil continues to be a nuisance to nature, climate, and many other creatures. In other words, if we dont get out of the fossil fuel system represented by oil, well continue to shed these tears. So human being is moving away from the fossil fuel system to a system that does not harm the environment if it does not help it.Thirdly, the demand for energy continues to rise. People are trying to get energy more efficiently and sufficiently from other energy sources because they think oil alone is not easy to meet the vast demand for energy.So where is this demand coming from? The answer is Asia. The author predicts that Asia will lead energy consumption in the future. And the author describes many thoughts about China. Chinas expansion determines the energy market. My thoughts on this are the same. In the future, I think China will have no choice but to drive demand, accounting for most of its energy consumption. However, I also worried about a situation that energy market is too focused on China will be formed. The author constantly throws these changes in energy and makes us think about what posture do we have to take. What should we keep an eye on in the changing energy market? What will happen to our country? The progress of penetrating the trend of such energy was incredibly interesting. It is no exaggeration to say that energy now deals with the existence and destruction of human being. So it has to be handled most carefully but most quickly. We dont know how energy will make or break us in the future. However, one thing I felt while reading this book is that the insight to such changes will be an absolute ability in the near future.