As a student in business administration, I often look up articles related to management and economy to study related trends. Of the many notable business trends I noticed, the most important is by far ESG management.ESG is a word that takes the initials of Environment, Social and Governance. It has philosophy that it can make sustainable development by considering transparent management such as ecofriendly, socially responsible management, and improved governance. ESG is emerging as a keyword that will determine the success or failure of the capital market and a country beyond individual companies. As the importance of "ESG" grows, I found that shares in companies developing renewable energy have risen, such as KCCottrell and Daesung Finetech. Much effort and achievement have been made in developing and commercializing ecofriendly energy heretofore, but this movement has been accelerated in line with ESG trends.To learn more about a history, analysis about future of renewable energy, I chose 『The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World to read.Throughout the book, professor Daniel Yergin drafted his views of developments in the production, transportation of oil, all forms of energy and its future prospects. Among them, what I focused on was his analysis of renewable sourced of energy wind, direct sunlight, biofuels and hydropower.Let’s focus especially on his opinion about the unconventional oil.’ The gas revolution’, introducing shale gas, is the important energy innovation in the 21st century. It even took the oil and gas industry by surprise. “Peak oil” was such a fervent view five or six years ago, when oil prices were going up. Regarding problem of running out of oil, Daniel emphasize a role of price’ of encouraging customers’ efficient use and the development of new technologies. He maintains the impact of price is crucial as the stimulator of innovation and creativity.However, I wonder if this role of price as an efficient tool of distributing scare resources or technology continues in the future.As I explained before, socalled "good companies" survive nowadays due to the growing consumers awareness of environment and society. A good company can be seen as a company that faithfully conducts "ESG management" that thinks about the environment, contributes to society, and leads transparent governance. Customers are paying attention to its "symbolism" rather than just the advantages of products and services. Unlike in the past, when cheap prices were the standard of choice, they are willing to choose a "good company" even if they pay more according to their beliefs. Also based on this trend, efforts to practice ESG management can be detected mainly by large companies. New York State, with a US226 billion financial portfolio, became the biggest pension fund anywhere to divest from fossil fuels. It should not come as a surprise that oil majors like BP and ExxonMobil have lost nearly half their market value this year. Other companies are disclosing what ratings they received in the ESG evaluation, and investors are also calling for more active disclosure of ESG information to use it as a basis for decisionmaking. In conclusion, value of disruptive technologies,” which Daniel describes as the “Googles” of energy, will be judged by not solely financial profitability but also its social and environmental impacts. I wish many of readers deliberate deeply about energy and its valuation through this writing.