This book tells the story of a man at stake athome and at work. This man meets Joy, a bus driver and energy evangelist,learns “energy bus”, and changes his attitude in life. The book has the conceptof bus and energy. First, the bus is our life. Take this bus and move on toeach others vision. In the process, we can get on someone elses bus for awhile, and also they can pick up someone else. But in the end, they take theirown buses towards each goal. Energy is the driving force behind this bus. Thisenergy comes from “me”, the driver of the bus. There are two forms of energypositive energy and negative energy. Positive energy drives this busvigorously, but negative energy rather steals power. This energy is createdfrom our attitudes, and we can choose what form of energy we will get. Theauthor encourages readers to fill their buses with this positive energy. Healso introduces various ways to fill positive energy.Through the book, Irealized that it was important to know how many choices you had. In otherwords, I have learned how important it is to accept that everything is ourchoice Negative emotions, according to the books expression, negative energy comesfrom thinking that something is being forced. In other words, we becomedissatisfied because we think it has nothing to do with our will. Also, wethink its something we didnt choose, so we work with negative energy. But isit really unrelated to our will and not our choice? As this book points out,everything in our life is our choice. Come to think of it, my actions, words,attitudes, and emotions are all the result of our choice. It is a factor thatcan vary sufficiently with just effort. Its a fact thats obvious but notobvious.We often forget that everything is the result of our choices.Sometimes we know but consciously reject this fact. In other words, we acceptour actions as forced. And we accept our feelings and attitudes as having nochoice. In this way, we rationalize negative behaviors and attitudes to lightenthe burden on our minds. It also attributes this negative energy to the outsideworld, not to ourself. This accumulated negative energy is also expressedoutside. Infect others, and eventually our whole life is full ofnegative energy. The way to stop this negative energy erosion is to admit thatits all our choice. That is, if you dont forget how many choices you have, somechange happens. First, we will find our identity by thinking about what we canchoose in our life. This identity leads to the will to live and leads back topositive energy. Also, you can work with positive energy even if you encountertroublesome or overwhelming tasks. We accept that this hassle, this unbearabletask, is our choice. Even though the work is still hard enough, we can endureit silently with responsibility by realizing that it is our choice.So in order to lock up negativeenergy and have positive energy, we have to think about how many choices wehave in our lives. And we have to admit that everything in life is the resultof our choices.Icould understand the importance of positive thinking. The importance ofpositive thinking and mindfulness is a musthave topic in selfdevelopment. Forexample, “If you think about yourself successful over and over again, youreactually close to success”, “When you imagine happy things, you actually becomehappy.”. Reading this, I thought it is absolute nonsense. I didnt realize thatwe could get close to our goal just by imagining it. But, I could understandthe importance of positive thinking through the “Energy law” introduced in thisbook. Thinking is like a magnet. So when you come up with an idea, the ideaattracts the object of the idea like a magnet. In that sense, when we thinknegatively, we actually only see negative things, and as a result, we becomenegative Conversely, focusing on positive thinking actually finds more positiveaspects, which gain positive energy. That is, energy begins with thought. Thisis the law of energy. I thought thoughts and attitudes were separable.Regardless of what thoughts and feelings I have in my mind, I thought it waspossible to see and grasp external facts objectively. However, as I read aboutthe energy law, I realized that my thoughts and attitudes are inseparable. Icouldnt help but admit that our thoughts create energy. If you have any idea,you are more attracted to similar facts in some way, and they come together tobecome emotions and attitudes. Therefore, in order to become a person whoreleases positive energy, one must first fill ones thoughts with positivethings.Irealized the importance of having a vision of life. Positive energy is neededto drive ones own bus, but the right destination is also important. Theimportance of this destination is compared to building a house without a designin the book. Just as a house cannot be built without a blueprint, it ismeaningless to just drive a bus without knowing its destination. Withoutvision, you cant go anywhere. "Dont you know what you want to do? Thendo anything!" Theres no point in just doing something without a vision,swept away by the current of this world. Since there is no vision, it is impossibleto make sure that it is going in the right direction. If youre wrong, ofcourse you dont know where to go again. The absence of a vision causes unrestwhose purpose is unknown. But if you have a vision, you can set the directionof the bus. The positive energy generated in the process of contemplating thevision is the driving force behind the bus. Also, if you have a vision, you canset a direction to solve the crisis even if you face it. "What should Ido?", instead of "I dont know, Ill take my chances...." Thisvision is also a force that makes people stronger in times of crisis. I wouldlike to recommend this book to those who doubt the role of vision. I couldrelate to the importance of a vision that gives life meaning, creates positiveenergy, and makes it stronger.