The book unfolds in the wake of the punctured car tire of the main character "George," as he inevitably takes a bus to work for two weeks. The main story of the book is a bunch of conversations with a bus driver named "Joy" on bus 11 that George takes when commuting. George was at a high risk of falling out with his wife at home and being fired at work at the beginning of the book. The fundamental cause was his attitude to life with a negative mindset because his life was repeated and disinclined. At first, George was annoyed when Joy talked to him, but as time went by, he slowly began to open up to her. Joy tells George 10 important things about his bus, which equals his life. Through a lot of conversations with her, George decides to have a positive life attitude, which in turn smoothly resolves conflicts both at home and at work.First of all, it was very impressive that the author compared "life" to "bus", and "self" to "bus driver." Georges appearance at the beginning of the book is so blatant that it gives a sense of deference to many modern people. In a way, it may be inevitable for people to lose their original color in a highly competitive modern society. The news shows that some people even give up marriage and children due to worsening job shortages and soaring housing prices every year. While reading Georges thoughts, it was heartbreaking to read, because I used to be just like him when I was preparing for college entrance. After entering Sungkyunkwan university last year, I was naturally less stressed than before I entered the university. In addition, my mindset naturally changed positively because of ease of mind. Until I read this book, I didnt think deeply about how important my mind was, and I was just wondering that there were more pleasant things than in the past without thinking much about the reason for this change. I completely forgot how negatively I used to be when I was preparing for the entrance exam. Thanks to this book, it reminded me of myself in the past. One might wonder how a person can be so negative while looking at Georges thoughts. However, as I have experienced it myself, I think it is possible if people are driven to extremes. Looking back on my previous self, which I didnt want to recall in a way, I could feel how bad my negative mindset had affected my life. At that time, I was under the illusion that my cynical attitude towards the world was something one would naturally have in life. In a word, it was selfjustification. Besides, I didnt even admit it when my friends worried me straight out that my attitude in life was too cynical. I dont remember exactly, but I think I was even offended at heart. These days, I dont focus on struggles like in the past, but think of only positive parts of them or other pleasant things. The reason why I changed like these days is that I realized at some point that it would not help me to fall into selfpity about myself being immersed in the problem and struggling. Trying to think in a good way in life makes me grateful every moment. This is because there are certain advantages of struggling, such as the fact that if you go through something bad, you learn from it. Also, now I want to decorate my life beautifully. I dont want to stain my onceinalifetime life with sadness. Just as Joy had a good influence on George, I also want to be helpful to the people around me who are having a hard time, and Im actually trying to do that nowadays. As soon as a person falls into a swamp of despair, it takes a great effort to escape from that swamp only with ones own strength. Since it was a novel, in Georges case, everything changed very positively in two weeks. In reality, no one knows how long it will take, but I think just trying to make an effort to have a positive attitude in life has already been half successful. I want to be a navigation system that provides the right direction next to me when people around me are wandering around because they dont know their bus routes well.