Book reportKho GwanSeon I recall a TED video in whichBill Gates talks about his wish that could improve wellbeing of modern worldsociety for the next 50 years would be to have an energy miracle, rather thananything else. By the term energy miracle, he meant a new technology that couldreplace, or at least, reduce the petroleum pollution. Reading “The quest Energy, Security and the Remakingof the Modern World” by Daniel Yergin reminded me of the video and I couldbetter understand Gate’s perspective.The Quest is divided into sixdifferent chapters and the book starts its first section by recounting notableevents, from the Persian Gulf war of 199091 up to the present days, includingvarious subtopics like the Iraqi war, oil countries, Chinese entering the majoroil market, the Caspian, Iran and Venezuela. More specifically, Yergin narratesthe decadelong fights among countries trying to domesticate oil fountains andthe geographic elements that further encourages the competition. Yergin notonly focuses on the complex world of the modern oil industry, but also on thenew’ significant players and the developing nations, China being one of themost obvious example, in the first chapter.Next part focuses on energysecurity and the future of energy supplies. Yergin illustrates the near futurewhere petroleum runs out and the rising need of investment on renewableenergies. He further articulates how the shale gas, considered one of thebiggest energy innovation ever since 21st century, provided publicwith enormous amount of petroleum resources that people can employ for aboutanother century.Third section of the book dealswith electricity, that has transformed the world in an alarming rate since itsinvention in 1882 by Thomas Edison. Yergin, as he clarifies the criticalimportance of electricity, he introduces readers to his concept of gadgetwatts’,in which he depicts a number of essential digital devices in the modernsociety the smartphones, laptops, and iPads that are run by electricity. Evena few decades ago, 91 percent of household electricity in United States wascomposed of dailynecessities like the indoor lights, refrigerators, boilers,and heaters, whereas they only account for 55 percent nowadays; the socalled gadgetwatts’take up most of the 45 percent in the modern United States. Yergin predicts theupcoming future, saying that the governments will have to make their decisionson which energy sources to deplete for electricity support, which is indispensablein the present day.The fourth section is devoted inenlightening how the climate change has now become the most dominant problem inthe future of energy. Yergin offers his political perspective in explaining theemerging attention at the global warming and climate changes. Since the end of1950s, numbers of scientists started to sense the initial signal of globalwarming, and as the global warming exacerbates, it began to play a significantrole in politics, specifically influencing politicians’ decision making andbrands’ corporate image.Continued with section five,Yergin introduces renewable energies, such as solar, wind and bio energy, and narratesthe production process and history of such energies. The renewable energyindustry is a fine result of innovation, creativity, political struggles,controversies, disappointment and recovery; though the recent massive investmentand studies make the industry look big and strong, there still are endless waysto go, and small sized, compared to the precedent energy industries. However,Yergin clarifies how the renewable energy is projected to make the biggest contributionnot only to energy market, but also to the modern world, as a whole, in thenear future.The final chapter, Road to thefuture’, handles the present and future status of transportation, especiallythe hybrid vehicles. Yergin highlights the usage of coal and petroleum by thetraditional automobiles and compares it to the rising hybrid technology, inwhich renewable energies are employed to run the vehicle. Nevertheless, thewriter underscores how it is impossible at this moment for hybrid automobilesto overrun the petroleum based vehicles, but as the low carbon options forautomobiles prove themselves to be competitive, an innovational changeincluding biofuels and natural gas, in energy market would take place.As reading the book, I realized thesix different chapters dealt with different topics and questions, buteventually combined to one simple word energy, which may sound obvious, but Ithought was interesting, because I never noticed there exists so much about energythat it could fill up over 800 pages. As an outsider of science and environment,I figured energies are finite and that it would run out someday, but I neverhad a chance to really get into why they run out and what must be done toprepare for such shortage.It seems clear that Yergin isunsatisfied with the energy management and policies, but he is hopeful that therenewable energies may play a significant role in replacing the traditionalsources of energy and electricity for carbonfree future.Politicians and governments are,in nature, susceptible to public opinions, thus it is nearly impossible forthem to satisfy either environmentalists or scientists. Yergin also mentionshow governments’ decision making has periodically largely influenced bypolitical reasons rather than scientific perspectives. Government involvementsuch as subsidies for hybrid energy employments and carbon tax would be a greatway to support for green technology, which, I believe is unfeasible.What I found interesting was howit takes decades to actually benefit from the renewable energy production. Forrenewable energy to be produced, it needs to be carefully planned and managed,and if the structure is inefficient, it would take even longer time to breakeven. For example, windmills produce certain amount of energy through rotation,but it requires lifting force, meaning that it would not perform efficientlywithout appropriate whether condition. It was astounding for me to really understandwhy renewable energies cannot replace the traditional energies at the moment.Lastly, “The Quest” offered me a completely new and interesting perspective.Energy was actually one of the most indispensable part of my daily life, replacingmy original choice for my only possession to keep when I am left alone in adesert island, smartphone. Nearly everything in my life, I came to realize,will blackout without the help of energy.