lt;Physics and Philosophy gt;Reading ReviewSubtitle Wholeperception through part recognition amp; Whole change through part change.lt;Introductiongt;This book consists of Heisenbergs story in the formof an autobiography who made the principle of uncertainty and won the NobelPrize in Physics. He organized chapters in chronological order of what hethought, felt, and realized, and, of course, he had enough thoughts, but mostof the enlightenment was gained through conversations and discussions withpeople around him . Wecould see that Heisenbergs ability to organize his thoughts more diversely anddeeply was also influenced by people around him. Watching this, I felt that it issimilar to Aristotles Peripatetic school.Some people know Heisenberg simply as a theoreticalphysicist, but he is not, and he is also a man who shared deep concerns inphilosophy and humanities. The reason why this book is difficult is thatquantum mechanics was not born out of a simple interest in physics. Forexample, the book felt somewhat difficult in that it had to think togetherabout how all various factors, such as philosophical, political, mathematical,musical, and ethical thinking, were comprehensively intertwined and influencedeach other. While reading this book, I didnt fully understand everything, buthis worries and the message he wanted to convey were conveyed to me, who wasnot smart, and gained new enlightenment in many ways.lt;Bodygt;Thefirst chapter begins with a reference to the social situation of 1920. Afterthe First World War, the established order collapsed, and young people thinkthat the older generation is ignorant. In places such as Prunn Castledebates, he looked for hope, thinking that there is a central order, watchingmusic take order. Through his conversation with Kurt and Robert, hethought of observations and theories as a chickenegg relationship, and seemedto start thinking about expanding them to science and philosophy, rationalthought and concepts. In Chapter 2, Heisenberg tells of his motivationfor becoming a pupil of Sommerfeld and meeting prominent physicists such asWolfgang Pauli and Niels Bohr, and promises to talk to Niels Bohr later.InChapter 3, Heisenberg questioned "the word I understood" because ofthe difference between words such as time in relativity and the simple conceptof time in everyday life. With the help of Otto, Pauli, Bohr, andothers, he reconsidered the concept of understanding in modern physics,considering the fundamental differences between Ptolemaeos’s astronomy andNewton’s physics. Chapter 4 involves walking with Bohr and talking aboutwar and German culture. Bohrs important point was that German cultureemphasized a huge order and mentioned the dangers of Germany through its lackof a culture that respects freedom.In Chapter 5, Heisenberg seemed tohave greatly helped to discover the principle of uncertainty through hisconversation with Einstein. When we look at the world, we know thatdifferent theories may be simpler depending on how we express a givenobservation, and that it is naive to focus only on what we can observe. Chapter6 refers to the limitations of the concept of orbit through the cloud chamber,which further approaches the uncertainty principle.Chapter 7 also shows that there were discussions onreligion and science in Solvay. In Chapter 8, Heisenberg discussesthe development of practical thinking and science with Burton. Even if physicsis replaced by quantum mechanics, its completeness should not be denied, and itrequires a leap in the pursuit of physical development, i.e., a change inaxioms. In Chapter 9, Bohr explains complementarity through the example oftemperature and suggests that life should be understood by this concept. If youknow the state of an atom, you dont know the concept of "living,"and if you look at the position of life, you dont know the state of an atom.Through this, we can see Bohrs insight.Chapters10 and 11 discuss Kant’s philosophy and language. He doesn’t thinklanguage expresses human thought, but language comes from human experience. Inquantum mechanics, experimental observations are also considered impossible tounderstand after removing mathematics. Through the conversation with Bohr, helearns that human thought is based on everyday language and that he has nochoice but to describe it with classical physics concepts.Chapters 12 and 13 discuss the possibilities ofnuclear technology after Hitler became Fuhrer. It was aconversation that accurately conveyed Heisenbergs thoughts, which had beenvaguely felt before, in a conversation with a nationalism student. Hecould see that he thought that only when one person, group and part, such as anatom or particle, changed could the whole change. Chapters 14 and 15deal with the relationship between political catastrophe and scientificthinking, and Heisenberg get upset that people were not scientific enough onthe issue and that critical thinking was not cultivated. Chapters16 and 17 deal with the issue of personal responsibility and right and wrong.He stresses that there is absolute truth, but nevertheless, it is a means ofdetermining right and wrong. I thought it were chapters where I could see hisvalues, although I felt a little contradictory in my personal opinion in termsof purpose and means.lt;Conclusiongt;Asan undergraduate, I thought philosophy and physics were very separate and veryfar from each other, but after reading the book, I thought it was difficult todevelop into two fields, and even a healthy world. I knew the atmosphereof the 20th century, when philosophical concerns and scientific use wereimportant, and I think it is definitely important in the 21st century. Finally,when I read the book and thought about what the part and the whole mean, I canthink of it as micro particles and the whole as macroscopic everything. Inaddition, part refers to the exploration of physics, and the whole can bethought of as the scope of all disciplines and activities related to physics,including morality, philosophy, and religion.