I. Ha Yeong Kim BookSummaryWhatwill the future of energy look like over the next 40 years? Daniel Yergintackles this question on his book, TheQuest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World. The bookoutlines the modern state of the global energy system in 2 perspectivesscientific and political.Throughouthuman history, energy is portrayed in different ways. For many years, labor ofmen and animals served as the main source of energy. However, with theintroduction of energy generated from burning coal and oil, the electric ageemerged. Known as the father of nuclear Navy, Adm. Hyman Rickover calculatedhow from beginning of 19th century to mid1900s, global energygeneration evolved from 94 muscle power to 93 fossil fuels.Thebook is largely divided in 6 sections. In the first section, geopoliticalchange from the Gulf War to the fall of the USSR is portrayed. This sectionshows how energy demands of the developing world grew exponentially with thegrowth of China. The rise in the use of electricity led to the electric age’. Formany years, predictions of the end of oil has been questioned ever sinceRickover’s speech in 1957. In the speech, Rickover proposed a warning claimingthat the world would run out of fossil fuels at some point after 2000. However,in fact, oil production is five times greater than it was back in 1957.Makingup about 80 of the world’s energy mix, the majority of global electricitycomes from coal today. However, the burning of fossil fuels has a cost. Yerginclearly shows how he is in accordance with the claim that humans arecontributing to global warming. For instance, scientists mainly agree thatevidence shows that every year, about 30 million tons of carbon dioxide isreleased in the atmosphere, which affects earth’s climate. Although scientistscannot fully estimate the extent and effect of the contribution, they stillacknowledge this emerging problem on the rise.Inorder to solve this problem, many energy companies have come up with renewabletechnologies to replace fossil fuels. However, from a scientific point of view,the book poses limitations in renewable technologies such as electricitygenerated from solar and wind energy. Yergin critiques wind and solar energy asunreliable’ because they are expensive and intermittent. In order to solvethis problem, they would need to come up with a way to store the producedenergy to use it when sunlight and wind is not available. The use of batterypower could make this viable. However, according to Bill Gates, even if theentire world’s battery capacity is gathered, it will only store 10 minutes ofthe world’s current energy usage. Therefore, the storage’ portion of theenergygeneratingchain is still missing. With the lack of this portion, Yergin claims that green technology poses limits since it will not be able to provideenough affordable and reliable energy meeting the current demand. Additionally,nuclear energy could be another option to zerocarbon promising technology butit has its own downsides such as high costs, large waste disposal, and warycustomers of nuclear power.Whereas,the book also analyzes the current global energy system regulations from apolitical point of view. According Yergin, political policy on energy isflawed. He claimed that government decisionmaking has been guided by politicalnecessity and claims rather than a more general scientific approach. Forexample, when governments subsided ethanol production, ultimately it causedmore harm than good. In order to solve this problem, two things could be done.First, carbon emissions can have higher costs through carbon tax. Second, thegovernment can fund research into alternative, renewable energies such as greentechnology.Yerginwraps up his book by emphasizing how the future requires the understanding ofthe wide range of characters and principles that will reshape the energysystem. With energy acting as a centrality to the modern age, affordable andsufficient renewable technologies that could potentially replace fossil fuelsare to be developed.Personal ThoughtsThisbook introduces fundamental issues that define energy today. It is clear thatYergin thinks that energy policy is not on the right course from bothscientific and political standpoint.Iagree with the general idea that renewable technologies should consider theaffordability and sustainability of its course. It is of no doubt that the currentrenewable technologies show limitations in productivity and affordability.Moreover, it is largely dependent on the existence of solarlight and windpower. With this in mind, the book does make a convincing point that weaningfrom fossil fuels by 100 is very unlikely. While coal is plentiful in aworldwide level, unless a new technology or a more improved one with half theprice of coal and no carbon is introduced, market giants who practice theburning of coal in their supply chain like China will never adopt it.One thing that I found interesting in the bookwas the dispreference of nuclear energy. With it being the most promising zerocarbon technology, I thought that the fear of the public about nuclearaccidents should be minimal since in fact, more accidents resulting in deathhave occurred from oil drilling and coal mining in the past.Additionally,the current situation with generating energy in the future seems ironic sincereplacing fossil fuels for a more sustainable energy would be preferable but itwould inquire higher costs. However, without the development of storedrenewable energy, nobody can fully estimate the extent of the effect it couldhave on climate change, and on global warming, affecting the entire human race.Lastly,I would like to point out that Energy is indeed one of the most crucial part ofour everyday lives. Even so, many times I tend to overlook the reason behindthe things that I encounter on a daily basis. For instance, I never gave muchthought about the complications behind renewable energy or about thegovernmental decisions having direct effects on the environment. However, asYergin pointed out, the replacement of fossil fuels seems like a timeticking bombthat has to be solved in the near future.