History about energy, which is necessary for our life. I could learn about issues of energy from preindustrial to now. The most interesting part was renewable energy, which is relatively close to present. When we heard the word Renewable Energy, it leaves us impression of energy that is ecofriendly and never get depleted. Of course, it is primary property of the RE, there were quite a lot of cases where they tried to push ahead with energy business only because of its advantages, but failed. The representative case is Jimmy Carter. He spoke about RE to the public a lot, tried to motivate civility, and installed Solar Heating Systems in the roof of the White House. He said if his RE business failed, then the Systems in the roof will be a trash, and it really happened. The Public utility Regulatory Policies Act as known as PURPA accelerated RE business. When it comes to electricity business, a few company had a virtual monopoly at that time. However PURPA forced electricity company to buy electricity form the qualified private company. It means the monopoly was ended and the public can start RE business and make a profit. Huge electricity company bought the public electricity, spending cost which they used if they installed machines and generate the electricity themselves. This led to high price and the public could get incentive to start buisness.However, PURPA could not prove its economy and also showed its malfunctions. His RE policy totally failed, and later, in 1990 when the petroleum plunged, nobody care about the Solar Heating System business . Why Jimmy failed to do policy? I guess he was seduced by the image of RE. Nobody says RE is bad or has negative effects. However, in 1990 it was too soon to apply the theory to the home. What he had to do was to invest in RE and expect it to be the promising energy by making solid foundations. When we introduce new technology system, introduction must be preceded by consideration and foundation about its field. Technology is not a field where government can manipulate, but a scientists one and when every theory is completed, finally particular organization or politician are qualified to talk about its social effect. April 22 2021 Joe Biden announced that he will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 50, and other countries agreed with that. But here is where I have a question mark. Can we have enough energy technology in 30 years? We must decrease fossil fuels usage and increase New Renewable Energy, but when we look at the energy usage graph and proportion of the NRE, it seems hard to achieve Bidens policy. Unlike the cases in the book, I hope Bidens policy was much more careful consideration and I swear to God I have more interests in energy and environmental issues.