The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World Oh Seung Rog As I was reading through this book called “The Quest Energy, Security, and the remaking of the modern world” I was curious about that author of the book Daniel Yergin. So I went up to search more about the author. Daniel Yergin is known to be highly respected authority on energy, international politics and economics. He is currently the vice chairman of IHS Markit and also a chairman of CERAWeek which is also known as the Super Bowl of world Energy. He has portrayed strong contents of topics of energy in particular and also in energy economics to energy policies. The book “The Quest” tackles through hard questions and also talks about the significance of coal, electricity, natural gas, climate changes and most importantly renewable energies for our future usage of energy. The fundamental questions were based on these three questions Will enough energy be available to meet the needs of a growing world and at what cost and with what technologies? How can the security of the energy system on which world depends be protected? What will be the impact of environmental concerns especially climate change on the future of energy? Yergin starts the book by reminding us that in human history, the labor of men and animal was the main sole source of energy however as time flows in the 18th to 19th century, water and fossil fuels made up almost 93percent of the world’s energy. Without the technology or advances solution to renewable energy he stated that the fossil fuel will run out. Firstly, the issues related to oilproduction in counties such as Russia, Arzebyan and Kazakhstan gave a great impact to me and made me research even further into the context of “The Great Economic Power”. In society, oil does not only control the economy and the political power of a country but also it can be also used in a negative way. With the end of the Cold War, Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia argues that Russia’s oil and as resources are the key to economic recovery and making Russia a great economic power. However, according to estimates by the International Energy Agency, the annual revenues of the Russian oil and gas sector may decline from 320billion to 274billion by 2040. Russian leadership continues to rely on the discovering new oil fields however as we have learnt in class, fossil fuels are not renewable energy sources and also pollutes the environment. The most harmful environment is coal because it causes more harmful combustion products. If this fossil fuel is used efficiently the fossil fuels are known to be cheap. However, the invention of renewable energy is modern life is really important as fossil fuels will run out sooner than expected. In the book, the existence of the greenhouse gas was discovered by a group of people who wanted to study climate. As time flies people found out the importance of greenhouse gas and countries are eventually cooperating to build up the greenhouse gas effect. So to answer the question to the what energy should be used to replace oil in the near future, the renewable energy such as Solar energy, Wind energy, Hydro Energy, Tidal Energy, Geothermal energy and Biomass energy can be the example. Biofuel energy captured by eyes and made me to research further into renewable biofuel energy. Biofuels are fuels that is derived from biomass meaning that it’s from plant materials and animal wastes. Biofuels are commonly advocated as a costeffective and environmentally friendly alternative to other fossil fuels like petroleum. The liquid biofuel is being used in vast infrastructures already, especially in transportation. The liquid biofuel in greatest production is ethanol which is consist of fermenting starch or sugar. It is said that in the United States ethanol biofuels are made primarily from corn which is blended with gasoline to produce gasohol which is 10percent ethanol. In Brazil, ethanol biofuel is also made primarily from sugarcanes and that cellulosic ethanol is also one of its product. The main disadvantage of cellulosic ethanol over corn of sugarbased ethanol is its high cost and complexity of production. Many countries are striving to develop renewable energy and Yergin strongly stresses that future cannot exist and develop depending on one single source of energy. Yergin highlights the relevance of efficiency and how these findings of energy source would be the greatest influence in leading the world to a better environmental growth. He also discusses the potential energy of an electric car Tesla’ that lithiumion battery was adaptable to the car and that made the EV a good deal more practical and most importantly it demonstrates a green car’. South Korea’s is aiming to become the world’s first green car provider and also the first commercialized autonomous driving cars. The government views the future mobility market in 2030 will be led by green autonomous cars. With climate change becoming the key threat to our earth, the main alternative source of energy to replace fossil fuels are the further discovery of renewable energy however the renewable technologies are being currently deployed are said to be highly unlikely to provide enough reliable and cheap energy to replace fossil fuels in the near future. I interpreted Yergin’s strong statement while reading throughout this book and came up in mind what he implies to the people of modern 21st century is that “using renewable energy is an efficient method for our future however we cannot change this step that was used for hundreds of years in a short term. There is need to find solution or implements to use remaining fossil fuels in a healthy ecofriendly kind of way to continue research for renewable energy resources for a longterm vision".