Through the Energy in Life class, I cameacross the book “The Quest Energy, Security, and the Remarking of the ModernWorld”. As the title suggests, this book tells stories surrounded by energy. Itdescribes from the authors own new perspective what kind of economic andsocial problems energy has developed through and how energy has influenced theworlds politics.The author talks about issues such as thestruggle for control over petroleum, anxiety in the supply of petroleum, anddepletion of petroleum, and talks about oil, which occupies a large proportionof oil in current life. In addition, it is divided into a total of six chapters,including "shale gas," which is called worldrenowned new energy.Among the many stories, the story of Eastand West Germany was the most interesting. It was impressive to see talent talkabout German unification on an TV show recently, so it was memorable. By theway, the story came out in the book as it is. East and West Germany weredivided based on the Berlin Wall. However, after a leader of East Germanyissued an ambiguous message at a press conference one day, people demanded thatthe barrier be opened. As a result, the barrier collapsed 30 years after thebarrier was built. In other words, Germanys division ended due to an ambiguousmessage. Thats all I know, but this book has a history after the end of theCold War. At its center is energy.Germany is now the worlds leading countryin the field of renewable energy and contributes a lot to laying the foundationfor the worlds renewable energy industry today. I think the basis for thisresult was the Green Partys environmental federation, which was created at thetime the Berlin Wall collapsed.The Green party is an environmentalorganization that opposes nuclear power and seeks to promote renewable energy.In addition, the organization gained credit for the nuclear accident inChernobyl. In conclusion, the organization played a role in promoting thedevelopment of renewable energy as Germany gradually stopped nuclear powergeneration.Likewise, environmental leader Hermann Share,who opposed nuclear power, said."The world should not rely on powersources that cannot be handled in the event of a major accident."I was greatly touched by this word. At thesame time, Korea is the worlds No. 1 country in nuclear power plant density,and the number of people within the 30kilometer radius of nuclear power plantsis also No. 1 in the world. There is no 100 guarantee that a nuclear explosionwill not occur in Korea. Just as it is unpredictable because it is an accident,we should prevent it in advance. Therefore, I think Korea should promote thedevelopment of renewable energy such as solar power generation and wind powergeneration by conducting denuclear power plants as in the case of Germanyabove.As such, this book shows people the historyof the past and provides an opportunity to think about energy in what directionand how we will use energy appropriately from the present to the future.Everyone reads this book, knows that energygoes with humans, and think about right direction of energy development.