DanielYergin, one of the most influential voices in the field of energy and economy,has released a book discussing the power of energy in terms of global politicsas well as economy. Our world is changing drastically as each second passes by,and thus it is important to learn about the source of energy that the earthconsumes every day. I would highly recommend this literature to those who arefascinated and wishes to research on the complicative factors regarding theenergy system.Afterreading the book, I was fascinated at how Daniel Yergin had the ability to connect energy to its historical, political andeconomic status in the world. I was able to learn about how the past was, inwhich particularly how the oil industry underwent chaos, due to depletion ofresources beforehand. Many initially had pessimistic thoughts, thinking thatthere will no longer be significant innovations or resources that could helpincrease its resource. They thought oil would just disappear into thin airafter a few years. However, they were wrong. Thanks to the human mind anddetermination, new excavation sites, as well as new technologies were developed,reducing the likelihood of oil from vanishing. However, by 21st century, issuesinvolving oil scarcity were raised for the fifth time. Many theories wereconjured, in which most would state that oil resources will run up dry rapidly,thus ruling it unsustainable and eventually leading to complete extinction. Majorityof these theories had a somewhat accurate point, but one key factor wasmissing. Changes in technology and economics were vital points but were notconsidered. As the years go by, newer and more effective technologies arediscovered, improving and adding severalthings to the current oil resources that we do have. This helps us concludethat the world is in fact still in a safe status, and oil would not run out foranother years to come by. However, we should still consider the political riskfactors surrounding it, and thus use it as sustainably as we can.Itwas also very interesting that Daniel mentioned how the oil production had ahuge historical and political impact on World War II. In fact, Japan’s desirefor oil was one of the prime reasons why Japan joined the war. Hitler alsowanted to obtain oil from other parts of the world, persuading him to invadethe Soviet Union. This shows the enormous significance of oil, one of theprimary sources of energy, has had an impact on our lives since day 1.Anotherpoint that I found compelling in the book was how Daniel emphasized therevolution of natural gas and how it had processed along the years. In terms ofeconomic standpoint, gas from shale was hard to obtain due to financialproblems in the past. Through the merging of fraccing and horizontal drilling,the unconventional gas revolution was created, making shale gas more commerciallyaccessible. Thus, costs were decreasing, and became abundant in size. However,it did have its disadvantages. The controversy regarding shale gas as being adanger to the environment, as well as debates regarding its policy initially causedits struggle in having a larger role in electric power. However, the use ofnatural gas is growing, and it is fuel for future; we must recognize itsimportance in our daily use.Afterfinishing my reading, this book has helped lead me to a wider perspective onenergy use and its position in the global world. Daniel Yergin’s point of viewon energy has made me recognize new values and connections that it has in thecapital world. This book has strengthened my viewpoint on science, which is thatit is the leader of our past, present, and future. Thus, we must be moreknowledgeable about energy and the science surrounding it to create a betterfuture for our generation.