It was during Chemistry in Everyday Life class that i got the chance to read a book called Designing the Molecular World by Philip Ball. The title has a touch to it that makes me feel like I wouldn’t want to read the book, ever. That “molecular” is related to chemistry, which is not my favorite course in all of the sciencesconsidering also, that it was my worst grade between science classes duringhigh school. However, I like science plus, I like reading, and as it was anassignment. I had to read it. At the beginning of each chapter the author triesto captivate the reader by asking questions, which the author will be answeringthroughout the text starting from simple explanations to complex ones and itsomehow got interesting. Yes, I would be lying if I stated that I couldunderstand every chemistry explanation in this book because then, the bookwould not be titled the way it is but would most likely be titled Chemistryfor Dummies; however, it wasn’t as hard as it seemed.The reason how it captivated my attention is quitesimple. I would not consider myself to be a wise person nor am I experienced; Ionly have 21 years. However, I do like philosophy not that I understand mostof the philosophical ideas. In the first chapter of the book, it starts with achemistry experiment done in Harvard on palytoxin and shows its chemicalstructure. Then, he would ask, “What are the chemists trying to convey whenthey draw a picture like Figure 1.1? What in reality are those balls andsticks?” And here comes the juicy part. He says that the world is an illusion.Why? The world we see is actually created by small particles called atoms,which most of us already know. We also know that this atoms are connected tocreated concrete structures and organism like ourselves and anything else.However, did you know that, “If we compressed the Earth...in which allemptyspace was eliminated, it would fit quite comfortable inside a...footballstadium?” This is what chemistry is about. But how did it come to be?The start of chemistry is explained in the thirdand last section of the book. The author amazes us with differentideas or “theological alternatives” of how the universe came to be and howthese ideas evolved. Starts from how physics, chemistry, and biology came tobe. How organic and inorganic categories were made. What I thought was the mostinteresting from this chapter was “panspermia.” Everyone knows about the BigBang Theory, which tries to be really logical, but leaving the logics aside fora second, Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius proposed in 1908 that life on Earthcould be seeds of life blown to Earth by the radiation pressure of the stars. Ibelieve that some imagination and creative thinking is what drove manyscientists to discover what they discovered, although some may be accidents.This kind of creativity and development evolved from a start to progressthrough revolutions and came to be what we now know as technology.It would be recommendable to read the book todiscover how the computer in which I’m typing this review came to be throughthe bonds of particles chemists call atoms. Chemistry has become a business on how chemists find new uses forbuckminsterfullerene molecules which seem to have applications for many humanwants and needs from medicine to electronics. Personally, from reading thisbook, it makes me think once again that science is progress. That I deeply feelrespect towards the avantgarde scientists. Without these pioneers the worldwouldn’t be what it is now.