Getting tutored is costly, but whatif you were to be tutored by a book? In Designingthe Molecular World written by Philip Ball, Ball expresses the importanceof chemistry. He further describes how the core of Earth’s existence, and theexistence of any individual begins with a single atom. Any individual who hastaken any sort of introduction to Chemistry class would learn that any existingobjects are derived from atoms. However, instead of stating facts, Ball in thisbook goes in extents that rips through layers behind this idea. If you are anindividual interested in the basic underlying theories of chemistry, I stronglyrecommend this book. My review on this book consists of the following;structure, thought provoking questions, and recommendations.At first glance, despite thepaperback cover, it creates an impression that it is like any chemistrytextbook with a confusing cover. Though this book may seem like an ordinarytextbook that you can easily locate in a local library, it is not. You willnotice headings and subheadings and figures, like a textbook, but it reads likea story. Ball begins each topic with a broad idea and he begins to hone intoideas he finds important with the aid of past theories from an array of scientists.Additionally, a prominent feature of this text is that it is written in firstperson. While written in first person, the author throws questions that hehimself has or thoughts that stimulates readers to generate plausible predictions.As a result, it creates an illusion that dialogues are shared between theauthor and the reader, as if the reader is being tutored.Throughout Ball’s explanation, he throwsthought provoking questions and answers them as he pulls strings to manyresearch, theories and ideas that are not limited to chemistry. As mentionedearlier Ball begins with a big idea and dives into specifics by captivating ourminds with questions such as “But why, if they are mostly empty space, canchemists regard atoms as though they were as solid as billiard balls that is,as solid as billiard balls appear tobe? What is an atom really like?”. The ideas deliberated are simple but youwill be amazed with how much Ball goes into extent to describe small existingthings such as an atom and amino acids. While his passion to explain ideas andtheories can be a burden, he doesn’t forget to encourage readers to hold acurious mind. One of the lines that really spoke to me was; “Nothing, it seemsto me, could be more damaging to the human spirit than to impose boundaries on thequestions that we are permitted to ask of the territories that we may explore,so long as we do so with sensitivity and responsibility.”. So, who is this bookmost applicable to?If you are curious about how the veryexistence of an individual can be explained though chemistry, you should giveit a go. Any individual who does not have great depth of knowledge onchemistry, such as myself, can comprehend. However, while reading this book itwould be a good idea to keep a dictionary handy at hand, or an electricaldevice such as a laptop or phone to look up scientific names that are foreignto untrained ears such as chromium. Do you know what that is? Well, I didnot.Overall, Ball speaks to students withlimited knowledge of chemistry through the book; Designing the Molecular World. The physical layout of the text itselfmay seem like a textbook but it rather reads like a story. The author startsoff with a broad idea which are soon narrowed down and supports his claims withthe aid of previous studies and theories wellknown. If there are anydifficulties reading this book is that, for those who have limited knowledge ofchemistry may want to keep an external search device to better understandchemistry terms. After completing the read, the reader should have achieved theknowledge of how chemistry is present in every aspect of our lives, howindividuals are after all a product of chemistry.