Designing the Molecular WorldChemistry inEveryday Life 김민지The book Designing the Molecular World by Philip Balltalks about chemistry. First, the author starts by introducing what ischemistry by giving clarify definitions, terms and equations for the ones thatare not familiar with chemistry could also follow the reading. Then, the authorused the basic ideas and gave more realistic examples and used samples that onecould really connect to the understanding. In the reading there were lots offigures that illustrate the text and made the readers easy to follow.At the first part of the reading, the authorgave the basic concept about chemistry. It also tells the reader to don’t worryabout the text because he would explain the concepts. The author reallyaccomplish with his saying by really describing the concepts in a clear way butwhile the concepts gets narrowed and gets into more specific ideas and conceptswas really hard to understand, if there were little knowledge about the topic.At the beginning of the reading, the author defined the basic term as element,atom and molecules. For the one that are not interested in chemistry wouldthink that all this terms are synonyms with each other but this terms vary eachother. Element is the simple substance, atom is the smallest indivisible unitof element and molecules is the cluster of atoms joined by chemical bonds. Alsoin the first chapter it gives some image about the rest of the chapters fromthe text. It talks about the energy charge that the elements have and that theycould be shared and borrowed from other elements. By this concept the elementcreates “octet” which is an important concept on chemistry.One ofthe real life example that the author illustrate was light. Light is a conceptthat many people are familiar with, but even though it is really wellknowntopic, people doesn’t know the profound knowledge about it. The basic idea thatpeople have is that the object reflect light and for that reason the color isbeing visible. Looking more deeply into this topic, it uses the spectroscopy.Spectroscopy is a scale of colors that shows the difference of light intensity.Many people confuse on the idea that red will be the color that contains moreenergy but in reality is the violet. The spectroscopy is an object that createan accurate and sensitive measure of the color. With the eyes of human, thereare colors that can’t be visible or there are colors that think that it is thesame but looking at the spectroscopy, there are huge difference and it can alsoshow colors that are not visible with human sight. After explaining all the concept,it gets into narrow example like “how the leaf gets its color”. The leafabsorbs the red and blue light and for that reason, it create a greenish colorLikethis concept above, the author describes the rest of the chapters and ideas ina way that first it gives a clarifying ways of explanation and later on itcontinues giving examples and ideas that is related to the concept. Afterreading the book, there were many ideas and concept that could be related withthe object and nonobject that is in the world. There were many unfamiliarconcept that after reading and it created knowledge and understanding aboutchemistry.